--- 
title: "read" 
draft: false 
type: books 
---

## 2021 {#2021}

**Queen of Coin and Whispers**

Another solid queer read. It’s great to see court intrigue and lesbian romance so well-married. I wish the third act was a little less rushed but it at least resolved the book—there’s a world in which it took a sequel to tie-up.

**Scapegracers**

I'm a sucker for a fun queer witch YA.

**Death in Her Hands**

A truly strange mystery novel with an unreliable narrator. It took a minute to get into, but once I did, I couldn't put it down.

**The Last Graduate**

This series is getting better and better. I missed that it’s a trilogy so the cliffhanger surprised me, but the pacing and character growth was chill.

**Piranesi**

What a fun book! I’m drawn to stories of labyrinths, which are a joy to wander. House of Leaves was a far more intense journey that always leaves me feeling a bit out of sorts, but Piranesi is a perfect little jaunt into another world.

**Once and Future Witches**

When I first picked this up I didn’t know it would be set in an alt-history turn of the century, but despite my disinterest in that time period it was a great tale. I appreciated the system of magic and the inclusivity of the cast. 

**Laserwriter II**

A fantastic book about the 90s in Mac repair and the magic of TekServe and real sugar Cola. I loved how Laserwriter wove a simple new job story with the poetry of tech.

**Priory of the Orange Tree**

This could've been a few books, but it was well-paced despite its length. My only complaint is the final battle and wrap-up happened in a short bit of book. It managed to cram quite a bit of magic system and world-building into a nice lesbian fantasy story though. 

**The Word for World is Forest**

An interesting take on colonization, and how destructive humanity can be. 

**Unconquerable Sun**

I'm not too familiar with Alexander the Great but I enjoyed this book quite a bit. It was long, but never felt like a slog. Quite a few rad space battles and exploits.

**Everyone Knows Your Mother Is a Witch**

A meandering, funny book about being accused of witchcraft in the 1600s.

**Agency**

Another re-read. Honestly one of the best Gibsons.

**Psion**

A slightly jaunty angle on future space stuff that spent a lot of time on telepathy and belonging. 

**Where the Wild Ladies Are**

A neat collection of modern stories based on Japanese folklore. I want to read an entire novel about the company that employs both ghosts and living people.

**Subprime Attention Crisis**

A thorough look at the advertising world online and how it might implode in the near future. Compelling and well-researched. I learned a lot.

**Changing Planes**

A fantastic meta-narrative is the lead-in to this multiverse adventure. I
appreciate the creativity and speculation even though the short stories are
loosely tied together.

**The Seep**

A good take on alien invasion with a complex protagonist. The Seep was a nice
meditation on loss and moving forward.

**We Are Satellites**

An interesting look at the social effects of brain augmentation and who is left
behind. Definitely easier to read than her pandemic book.

**Foundation** -- Issac Asimov

Wow. What a wild old book. I love the sprawling story even if it completely
forgets that women exist.

**Lady Joker** -- Kaoru Takamura

I thought this was a mystery but it’s much more of a… police and investigative
procedural. Slow at times but nice too.

**Deadly Education** — Naomi Novik

Another take on the dark wizard school, but the best one yet. I loved the
setting, all the truly weird characters, and the magic system. I’m only mad that
I have to wait until September to read the next book.

**The Last Tourist** -- Olen Steinhauer

A post-2016 election spy novel that deals in interesting ways with how
capitalism and the rise of facism effect even the spy industry. I've enjoyed the
twists of this series, and this was a neat fourth entry.

**Persephone Station** — Stina Leicht

Kinda hokey at times, with a lot of _wink wink_ I’m hip with the sexual politics
of the youth, but otherwise enjoyable.

**The Galaxy and the Ground Within** -- Becky Chambers

A fantastic final volume in the Wayfarers series. I loved the look at
imperialism, racism, and many assumptions we make about each other regularly.
This book does a lot with a closed setting, and was a page-turner.

**Yokohama Station SF** — Yuba Isukari

I guess this is a light novel, which means it lived up to my expectations of
being plot and idea-rich, without much character development or interiority.
This was made into a manga already, and I've heard there could be an anime
adaptation, and I think it will work well in that medium. An easy read with some
fun scenes.

**There's No Such Thing as an Easy Job** — Kikuko Tsumura

A cute, quirky book about taking odd jobs that get odder as time wears-on. My
favorite bits could be books of their own—the postering job and bus advert job
are standouts. Ultimately, the message that maybe burnout is avoidable if you
look for the fun weird parts of work is not so great, but I dug this book
overall.

**The Invisible Life of Addie Larue** — V.E. Schwab

A fun Faustian bargain hampered slightly by a ho-hum romance. The devil rules.

**Cannonball** — Kelsey Wroten

A bit overwrought, but I dug the art.

**Temporary** — Hillary Leichter

This reminded me of a much more cohesive Kathy Acker novel, with weird pirate
jaunts, assassins, and ghosts. Fun, and fast-moving.

**The Spy Who Came in From the Cold** — John Le Carré

I've seen a number of tv and film adaptations of Le Carré's work, but this is
the first novel I've read of his. I get why he's so well-regarded. This was a
wild story of spies and double-crosses, with everyone on the spectrum between
terrible and ghoulish. A delightful spy novel.

**The Space Between Worlds** — Micaiah Johnson

A rad take on the many worlds theory, complete with a bit of Mad Max desert
action, and queer characters. I really enjoyed this book, but a word of warning,
it includes a bit of assault.

**Fake Accounts** — Lauren Oyler

A very strange book that flirts with autobiography, and continually subverts
both modern female fiction and expectations. I really enjoyed how funny and dark
this was, even if it made me deeply wish I could return to Berlin soon.

**No One is Talking About This** — Patricia Lockwood

A hilarious and brutally sad book about the internet and loss. I think this book
perfectly captured what using Twitter is like for those who use it to find the
funny things.

**‌The Ministry for the Future** — Kim Stanley Robinson

This was less of a novel then a series of essays somewhat thinly held-together
by a so-so plot. I enjoyed bits of this, but it felt very long. I do love a good
airship and a good eco-anarchism.

**Worldwired** — Elizabeth Bear

A satisfying conclusion with a few pretty interesting action scenes. I don't
think this necessarily delivered on the ideas behind climate sci-fi, but
generally it was a fun trilogy.

**Scardown** — Elizabeth Bear

An interesting take on a ecological crisis sci-fi. It’s wild that this sort of
climate disaster sci-fi was written 15 years ago, and I really enjoyed the AI
component and the idea that the US had completely blown itself up before the
books begin.


**The Dragon Republic** — R. F Kuang

After the whiplash of the first book in the trilogy from school-based fantasy to
brutal warfare, this book was refreshing in being exclusively brutal. I'm
excited to see how the series ends, and it's also nice to be so clearly rooting
against the Hesperians.

**Trick Mirror** — Jia Tolentino

A wide-ranging essay collection on modern social networks, marriage, and
assault. Definitely worth a read, though at times it's pretty tough to get
through depending on your background. Fuck marriage. Fuck Twitter. Fuck the
world of conservative "christianity".

**Random Acts of Senseless Violence** — Jack Womack

This was a wild book. Written as diary entries, it follows the quick dissolution
of a middle-class life in New York with the backdrop of the US falling apart
completely. I'm not a huge fan of books that affect a dialect, but eventually it
was easier to follow. A very depressing speculative fiction.


**The Quantum Thief** — Hannu Rajaniemi

Ooh, a new trilogy to dive into. I had a pretty hard time understanding a lot of
the technology terms Rajaniemi made up, but by the end I'd gotten used to them
enough that I could just enjoy the story. This book was nowhere near as
confusing as Ninefox Gambit, but definitely required a bit more investment than
many mainstream sci-fi tomes.

**Company Town** — Madeline Ashby

A cool take on post-climate-collapse sci-fi, with a complicated badass
protagonist. A good escape read for the holidays.

## footnotes

[*](#les) <a name="les"></a>Lesbian Book Club

[**](#ghost) <a name="ghost"></a> Ghost Book Club

## [book archive](/bookarchive)