--- 
title: "seen" 
draft: false 
type: media 
---

## 2021 {#2021}

**Halloween**

A rewatch of a classic.

**The Fog**

Sometimes slow older movies just don’t hit.

**Basic Instinct**

Verhoeven’s idea of butch is pretty in line with my preferred presentation. We all need a friend who says “goddamn you dumb sonnafabitch you fucked her”.

**Tropic Thunder**

It’s wild this got made.

**The House That Jack Built**

It’s still really confusing that some of y’all think Matt Dillon is hot.

**Demonic**

Meh.

**Pig**

Completely unexpected, and excellent.

**Assault on Precinct 13 (2005)**

A pretty good remake that concerned itself with being a fun movie over being true to the source material. Hawke and Fishburne delivered a solid action performance.

**Total Recall (2012)**

Way less memorable and funny than the original. This was a serviceable action film that reminded me of when Hollywood really wanted Colin Firth to be the new Tom Cruise.

**Total Recall**

Verhoeven is a master of cinema and this is up there with his best. Every Arnold scene is using him to his best, and between the makeup and plain silly puppets, it’s a blast.

**Assault on Precinct 13**

Watched so I could listen to more Blank Check. The premise is super absurd but the action was fun, and there were some very entertaining bits and camera shots.

**Titanic**

When this came out I remember taking a date to see The Wedding Singer instead and I don’t regret that choice. It was a neat disaster film once it got to that point, and Kathy Bates did a great job, but the romance bit didn’t do much for me. I mean, we’ve all made stupid choices in love, but don’t dive off a lifeboat for a boy you just met!

**What Lies Beneath**

A little spooky, but mostly rad because Harrison Ford is playing against expectations.

**Castaway**

So brutal and good. This is just hit after hit and makes you sad about a volleyball.

**A Quiet Place Part 2**

Spooky and a lot less “why?!” than the first film. I prefer Cillian Murphy to Krasinski.

**Beckett**

A competent but ultimately substanceless thriller. It was fun to watch JDW just run around and do wild shit.

**The Abyss**

James Cameron invented SMS. A real spooky, tense, wet time.

**Evangelion 2.0 - 3.0 + 1.0**

Much more compelling than the original series, with a solid ending.

**Riddick**

He almost lost his house over this.

**A Cure for Wellness**

Spooky fun, if a little too long.

**The Hunt**

Oof.

**The Retreat**

Revenge horror where a lesbian couple has to survive trip to the country. I recommend this to anyone who wonders why I don’t take more road trips.

**Mad Max: Fury Road**

Rewatched and if’s still delightful.

**Strange Days**

This is cyberpunk gold. I can’t believe it didn’t do well, that it used mini discs as a major plot point, or that it’s not available basically anywhere.

**Showgirls**

Transcendent. This was my first time seeing it after avoiding it because I’d made the mistake of thinking it was just schlock. I was wrong. There’s so much weird depth and fantastic camera work in this.

**The Suicide Squad**

Perfectly silly and fun. No pretension of being more clever than it needed to be. This is what super hero movies should be.

**Starship Troopers**

Such a brilliant satire of our country’s endless thirst for war. Verhoeven is a master.

**Chronicles of Riddick**

Just as over the top as I remembered, but I always forget Helen Mirren was in it. This is the start of their love affair. (Drew later told me this was actually Dench)

**The Town**

Saw this heist thriller when it first came out, and it held up.

**Martyrs**

Yow. That was a bizarre and brutal film.

**Scanners**

Somehow I hadn’t ever seen this absolute banger of a movie about telepathy and telekinesis. It’s delightfully Canadian and I’m sure inspired many an anime.

**After Midnight**

A way more interesting and charming film than I expected. A monster film cover for a movie about relationships and growing together.

**Jolt**

A goofy, but fun-enough action film. 

**The Master**

Why did we need the Joker when we already had this? A true weird PTA classic.

**Drug War**

A brutal, non-stop cop procedural. Guns akimbo? Yup. Betrayal and tons of Buicks? You bet.

**High Tension**

I forgot how fucked-up this is, and that they used Muse songs for the soundtrack.

**Blackhat**

This is my second viewing with my first on opening night. They should’ve called this movie “Himbo Hacker”. This is the only movie I can think of with a dramatic scene where someone types ‘ls’ and also ‘cat’ in a terminal. As hokey as the whole thing is, the action slaps, and it’s a fun action romp.

**Midnight Special**

What a cool movie! What’s left unshown and unsaid kept this taunt and fun. Shannon spoke volumes with his eyes, and even the kid managed gravitas without falling into the haley joel trap. I don’t remember hearing about this movie at the time, but I think it deserves more hype.

**Gunpowder Milkshake**

On it’s face, this was made for me, but sadly it was a substanceless and somehow joyless exercise.

**Censor**

I had very little idea what was going on towards the end of this. Generally, I dug the vibe though.

**No Sudden Move**

A really outstanding cast made this a delight from start to finish. Full of fun twists and a brisk-moving story.

**Synchronic**

A cool time travel film about using drugs to wander around in the past and how that's not a great plan because of racism. Very interesting and though it's not quite the same wild as Primer or Los Cronoscriminos, it's up there.

**Insidious**

A spooky, but not very good horror film.

**The Tomorrow War**

I like the version of the world where enough people watch soccer worldwide that folks use the World Cup to announce vital information. I don’t like a world where a few heroes save the world after the governing bodies don’t help. Climate change is a collective problem and needs collective solutions. Also this is a fun movie so whatever.

**Fast 7**

A big ‘ol sob of an ending and a really fun movie.

**Werewolves Within**

A pretty perfect horror comedy. Sam Richardson is seriously talented, and if you haven’t seen Detroiters, get on that. The beats were great, everyone was doing a lot, and I laughed throughout.

**Come to Daddy**

Elijah Wood seems to only take fun projects in a post-LOTR world, and I love it.
His 2017 film I Don't Feel at Home in This World Again, Wilfred, voice-acting in
Miyazaki films, and now this short bowl cut and hooded-cape weirdo film are such
a nice career pivot.

**Demon Slayer: Mugen Train**

More like a few episodes than a cohesive film, this got me stoked for season 2.

**Resident Evil: The Final Chapter**

I’ve seen this one the most besides the first because I got to see it in Japan
before it came out in the states. That was a strange experience so it’ll always
stick with me.

**Resident Evil 2-5**

Hokey but fun.

**Resident Evil**

Classic.

**Red Dawn**

The original was a classic schlocky action film, and this one was an alright
action remake. I don't know if Chris Pine can live up to Kurt Russell generally,
but if you want to see him try, this is a film for it.

**Conjuring: The Devil Made Me Do It**

I’m a sucker for this very silly series. I love how much they malign and hate on
the spectre of "satanists". Walter Bishop from Fringr is in this and that was a
nice surprise.

**Saw 3**

The first three films in this series are in the perfect uncanny valley of bad
fashion. I should listen to the Why Are Dads episode now that I’ve made it
through because John is an absolutely insufferable dad.

**Saw 2**

I forgot the kid from Continuum was in this. Overall, this sequel was a lot
schlockier now that we know what the whole Saw deal is like. The nü-metal at the
end dates this more than anything else could.

**Saw 2**

I think I watched this shortly after it came out, but it’s still wild to see Ben
from Lost, Danny Glover, and the man in the mask from Princess Bride. This is a
classic absurd horror thriller, and this rewatch begins my staycation of Saw.

**Chappie**

Despite being very silly at times, this was a fun movie that explored
consciousness and the ideas of a learning AI. I think folks were disappointed
because it wasn’t serious at all times, but this played out like a cool sci-fi
short story.

**Together, Together**

Hilarious and deeply touching. I love this look at an unlikely friendship and
the complexity of pregnancy. Plus, Patti Harrison fucking owns.

**Free Fire**

Just a wild ride from start to finish. Watching everything go to shit, then get
worse was a delight.

**Chaos Walking**

This felt like the first few episodes of a longer show, and not really a whole
films. I enjoy Mads just doing weird shit though. When I first saw stills for
this I thought it was that Hideo Kojima game.

**Riders of Justice**

A fantastic black comedy one part John wick, and one part Planes, Trains, and
Automobiles. A truly weird and fun film. More Mads please.

**Army of the Dead**

I’m not a Snyder fan, but he’s made two good zombie films and this is one of
them. Silly, fun, and full of excitement.

Pacific Rim: Uprising Fun and silly, like what a Transformers move could’ve been
if they weren’t such hot trash.

**Dead Man Down**

Meh

**Set It Off**

Queen Latifah should’ve gotten a massage and romance scene. This is a classic
heist movie, and after hearing EPM talk about it I couldn’t believe I hadn’t
seen it before.

**Oxygen**

A movie set in tight quarters reminiscent of when Green Lantern got buried in
that one movie with just a lighter.

**Green Zone**

I still find it abhorrent we destroyed a country for no real reason. Matt Damon
plays a hapless but passionate action man well.

**Patriot Games**

Ah, the good old days of bad guy Sean Bean. This continues my tour of Harrison
Ford classics, and I’d forgotten all the talent in this film. A good spy
thriller and Ford makes a much better Ryan than Jim from the office.

**Without Remorse**

I’ve been on a Harrison Ford kick lately and looking forward to reexploring his
foray into the dad fiction of Tom Clancy, so it’s lovely seeing Michael B.
Jordan so thoroughly take on the mantle of spyman John Clark. Action trash
delight.

**Relic**

A real House of Leaves-esque situation. Is this perhaps a prequel to Under the
Skin?

Really though this was a deeply scary, haunting film about aging and our
responsibility to our loved ones.

**In the Earth**

A wild film that somehow manages to combine pandemic fear with supernatural
mushroom horror. Excellent. Two fun tastes that taste great together.

**Searching**

An interesting way to tell a story but I think the reliance on computer footage
hindered the overall story, despite strong performances by Cho.

**Training Day**

A classic Denzel/Fuqua film that starts wild and gets so much wilder. The way
Denzel delivers every line and just delivers looks is a delight every time.
Ethan Hawke is fine in this but I don’t think he has the charisma to counter
Denzel. Fun and disturbing, this is like a short-form The Wire, but in LA.

**Unstoppable**

Denzel Washington is too old for this shit, but not too old to stop a runaway
train. This movie rules.

**Sexy Beast**

Realized halfway through this is a rewatch, but Winstone and Kingsley are wildly
compelling regardless.

**I Care a Lot** I love an anti-hero, and pretty much every person in this film
is either horrible or an idiot, or all of the above. I also love a lesbian lead.
This managed to be twisted and funny, and I really dug it.

**Transsiberian**

Look I love a train mystery. I remembered halfway through this I’ve seen it
before.

**The Mosquito Coast**

What if dads but too much? This movie reminded me of some of the worst bits of
my childhood. At least my dad never made us move to the jungle. They’re remaking
this soon with Justin Theroux and I’m super excited to see how he channels the
deranged dad energy. ICE IS CIVILIZATION.

**Courier**

Wow who knew the real story behind the font was this intense!

**Nobody**

A blast from start to finish. This is the best action comedy since True Lies.

**Gone Girl**

Imagine if Tyler Perry had played Madea in this movie but with the same
character and level of seriousness. I think at a fundamental level a movie that
imagines “what if a woman fakes domestic abuse” is dangerous, but otherwise as a
film this was solid. Rosamund Pike was great as a nightmarish villain though.

**Sorcerer**

You’ve seen the Fast & Furious, but what about the Slow & Simmering? For a movie
largely about trucks driving below 10mph, this was a thrill ride. I should
rewatch Seaquest.

**Under the Skin**

Haven’t seen this since it came out, but the moody slow build and austere
soundtrack are haunting.

**Bad Trip**

Planes, Trains, and incredibly wild scenes. The restaurant scene was a standout,
but so many bits of this movie were amazing.

**Godzilla vs. Kong** Explosions, huge monster fights, and a surprisingly great
cast having a good time. Ideal summer entertainment. I guess I’ve seen every
film in the “monsterverse” now, and this was maybe the most fun? Long live
Godzilla, the KoM.

**Wet Hot American Summer**

A delightful rewatch. I forgot how many amazing actors were in this at the start
of their career, with absurdist performances from Michael Ian Black, Bradley
Cooper, and David Hyde Pierce. All the little bits, and the kids’ reactions to
them are hilarious. A classic. _smashing pottery sounds_

**Safe House**

Old spy/young spy. Not quite a Bourne or a Le Carré, but it was a fun thriller
even though I can’t quite take Ryan Reynolds seriously.

**Dante’s Peak**

This is a more focused predecessor to one of my all-time favorite movies, 2012.
James Bond does a science, while Sarah Conner slings espresso and does mayor
stuff. This move made me afraid of volcanos and hot springs and also children
driving. If there’s a genre called "my boss didn’t beleive me until it was too
late" this is firmly part of it.

**The Last Black Man in San Francisco**

The colors and light in this film are unbeleivable. Utterly gorgeous. Jimmie
Fails and Jonathan Major had incredible screen chemistry, with their
performances tied together with long pans. I can’t wait to see more Jimmie Falls
in films.

**Oblivion**

Somehow I hadn’t seen this until tonight. A delightful Tom Cruise sci-fi with a
pretty predicitable twist, and really goofy goggles. A+

**Sentinelle**

A nice and tight action film. The fights were well-coreographed, and there just
wasn’t much fat to trim. Fast, fun, and chill.

**Shadow in the Cloud**

A hat on a gremlin on a hat. This movie was initially kind of interesting, and
seemed like it would be a straight-up tale of misogyny in the sky, but then the
gremlin showed-up, and the zeros, and it just kept going.

**The Fugitive**

I hadn’t seen this since the 90s, and it really holds up. Ford and Jones amp up
the tension and make every scene worth watching. Classic.

**Space Sweepers**

I’d heard this described as a life action Cowboy Bebop, but sadly it has much
less style and substance. Parts of the world building were cool, but why did
they have to add a farting child?

**Barb and Starr Go to Vista Del Mar**

My friend texted me to say he was _cackling_ watching this--it was ok funny, but
I didn’t know it would be a "silly" musical. I don’t really know what this kind
of comedy is called, but it’s not my thing. It’s like Ace Ventura meets
Marshall’s with some real Paul Blart 2 vibes.

**The Little Things**

I don't know if I can ever take the sheriff from True Blood seriously, or even
Rami Malek. Denzel, as usual, is an imposing figure who oozes charm while
methodically saving a crime.

**The Thing**

The remake isn’t the same level of incredible that the original was, but it’s
still a pretty great alien film. I loved seeing a bunch of folks who went on to
be in lots of TV shows and other things I hasn’t seen when I originally saw this
film.

**Monster Hunter**

I don’t know what I expected from a movie based on a game with no plot. The
three stars are solely bc I love jovanovich and also every action scene was
absurd and delightful.

**Minari**

A gorgeous, sad, and brutal portrait of trying to make family and a dream work
out. The cinematography and soundtrack were a perfect pairing to one of the
cutest kids in cinema, and an outstanding performance by Yuen and Youn Yuh-jung.
This movie was so good it conquered my Texan's dislike of Oklahoma.

**The Dig**

A rather interesting film about excavating a ship from a mound in rural
Suffolk.Theres a wild WW2 backdrop, and a lot of Fiennes looking pensive as all
getout. Everyone is in love with someone they shouldn’t be, and I kept hoping
the kid was actually from the future.

**Insomnia**

Robin Williams is so good in this. I haven’t seen Insomnia since opening
weekend, and also forgot it was a Nolan. I still need to watch the original.
This is a great view of Pacino slowly losing his mind. I had this a little
confused with One Hour Photo so I kept expceted a scene to take place at a CVS
or something.

**The Prestige**

The one time Wolverine and Batman worked together with David Bowie to make
powerful magicks. I honestly forgot this was a Nolan film, but I’ve loved it
every time I’ve watched it. Just so fun and clever. I wonder how Golem’s cats
are doing?

**Never Rarely Sometimes Always**

Easily the best movie I’ve seen in a long time. The level of kindness and
empathy for the challenge of being a young woman in the world is outstanding.
Really incredible performances from Flanagan and Ryder with a candid view of how
amazing Planned Parenthood is to top it off. The focus on women caring for each
other was spot-on.

**The Bourne Supremacy**

In the world there is only one good supremacy: the Bourne kind. Brian Cox rules
in this, but I wish Julia Stylse and Franka Potente had more to do. I’m
rewatching this series and it’s mostly holding-up.

**Our Little Sister**

I love Koreeda movies because they so beautifully humanize a great deal of pain.
From his slow pans, to the way he shot the room to make you feel part of the
family, this movie ruled.

**The Lost City of Z**

It turns out the story of this movie’s protagonist was much more racist and
absurd than presented here. The vaporization of bullshit explorers of other
people’s lands is a bummer. This was well-shot despite apparent massive
innacuracies. Pattinson did a solid job.

**Yes, God, Yes**

A delightful look at a religious youth that was spot-on. I wish I had a cool
dyke bar to escape to from youth retreat, but otherwise this was pretty much
what creepy youth camps were like. Dyer is excellent, and Simons perfectly
inhabits a shitty priest.

**Promising Young Woman**

Woah. I think I’ll have to rewatch this to really get the full impact, but this
was intense and Cary Mulligan was fantastic.

**The Platform**

This was an interesting psychological sci-fi. We never learned why he brought a
book.

**Strange Negotiations**

Hoo boy this took me back. I saw Pedro the Lion play every year for a while back
in Austin, and his break with the religion he was raised with matched-up with
mine. This was a sweet and sad documentary about how lonely the road can be, and
the life of a medium-famous rock musician.

**Exit**

Tried to watch this on a night I was sleepy, and reader, it did not keep me
awake. Good, but it’s in the uncanny valley of the past.

**Jack Reacher: Never Go Back**

Is this in the MCU? One of my favorite parts is when someone cites military
legal code and a short while later a woman says “is there still an Internet cafe
around here?” I’m pretty sure reacher would still need to go to court for a lot
of murder.

**Paradise Hills**

Mills Jovavich rules. This movie is kind of a mess, but points for a bit of
queerness and a strong aesthetic. You just don’t see a lot of bondage gear in
white these days. Also, milk is always sinister and gross.

**The Operative**

For a spy film this left a lot on the table. There were some pretty tense scenes
but I’ve seen Kruger do much cooler stuff. I’m looking forward to the next
season of Tehran to get my fill of Mossad spy stuff.

**Enemy**

Villneuve is wild. This was definitely the strangest of his films I’ve seen so
far, but I loved the yellow-tinged madness.

## [movie archive](/moviearchive)
