---
type: newsletter
title: "D&F 3-21-21"
date: 2021-03-21
description: DST & friends
tags:
  - newsletter
---

Can you smell the spring equinox?! There was a hummingbird nest outside my house today, and Lena and I both agreed it was a _sign_ of the spring. Things are changing for the better.

Also, my six week training program is one week from completion, and I am excited to see if it's really made a difference in my on-bike fitness after a few days of rest. Next week's newsletter should be during that rest period.

Spring is a time of waking up a bit more cheerfully, looking outside, and smiling at stranger's pets. Soon, in some parts of the world, we'll be swimming or at least hiking around in a carefree manner. I can't wait. 

What if we had longer days most of the time? That's right, there's a real effort in a few states to move to [permanent daylight saving time](http://andywoodruff.com/blog/where-to-hate-daylight-saving-time-and-where-to-love-it/). The blog post talks about this in more depth than I'm capable of, with a tool to see the effect of various changes to the continental US. TL;DR, we'd be better off with permanent DST. Also, can you imagine the time savings in the US if everyone didn't need to spend hours figuring out how to change ever analog and non-internet clock twice a year? What a nightmarish waste!

Speaking of time saving, what if you could move the windows on your Mac easily with keyboard shortcuts or a the flick of your finger? Luckily there's a whole category of these windows management programs, and the coolest one I've found is [Hookshot](https://hookshot.app). Don't move your windows manually like a chump, get an app.

Do you value your friends? Have you thought during quarantine, "wow, my friends have kept me from feeling completely lonely and insane?" If the answer is yes, then [this article is for you](https://www.theguardian.com/books/2021/feb/21/friends-by-robin-dunbar-review-how-important-are-your-pals). If your answer is no, you should still read that article, because friends rule. Friends are better than partners, dates, or family, because we choose them and actively continue to invest in those relationships. FRIENDS! Yay.

Look, friends are great—in fact they're the second best thing, but nothing beats [time alone](https://www.vice.com/en/article/m7ad5n/we-feel-alonely-when-we-dont-get-enough-time-by-ourselves-opposite-lonely). It _turns out_ there's a new concept called "alonely", which is basically lonely for being alone. Cool? Yea.

But you know what's not cool? [Antisemitism](https://www.heyalma.com/dungeons-dragons-has-an-antisemitism-problem/). The racial components of D&D have aged incredibly poorly, but my Tiefling hates all humans equally. I can't blame her, she's a demon.

## Links

- A regular reminder to keep trying:

{{< tweet 1225912456725377025 >}}

- Look, we've all been there... maintaining our lizard's internet presence:

{{< tweet 1372014654390734851 >}}

- This show is pretty fun:

{{< youtube ThZ-58baSOI >}}

## Closing

There's only one more week in March, so savor this one without succumbing to the _March Madness_. I'm pretty wiped this weekend, so I'll keep this short but you're doing _great_. Keep up the distancing and the thoughtfulness because I think maybe we're in the home stretch. Stay safe, and stay hopeful, space cowgirls~