---
type: newsletter
title: "D&F 11-15-21"
date: 2021-11-15
description: therapy
tags:
  - newsletter
---

This week in therapy I spent a fair amount of time talking about how much it sucks that we're likely headed for absolutely irreversible climate catastrophe during the next 20 years, and the "solutions" that will keep being _humorously_ suggested in books and [articles](https://www.gawker.com/politics/the-joe-manchin-trolley-problem). 

Instead of fixing things, many idiots are deeply invested in shitty JPEGs, and I am equal parts depressed and amused by this:

{{< tweet user="OnALighter_Note" id="1457951413368016899" >}}

At least podcasts don't burn an absurd amount of energy to be produced, and might even lead to [emotional connections](https://melmagazine.com/en-us/story/male-bonding-podcasts) between hosts.

If you work, you are either a manager, or being managed, or both, so [this advice](https://mailchi.mp/6b14bafbed92/math-you-will-actually-use?e=92ed4a22a0) may be useful to you. These past two years exacerbated many of the issues we face at work, and led to much more work and pressure with scant reward. I still don't know what an effective strategy for change is, but it's nice to at least read about how to push a bit. In my world, whether it's illness, or deadlines, or taking on a second team without a change in pay or other compensation there's a lot that's unsustainable at work. I bet you feel the same.

Never do your best. Quit.

Maybe we can consider the climate harm our jobs and industries are part of, and just... stop? There's plenty of planet and _stuff_ for all of us, especially if we repurpose our destruction for care and renewal. I hope the next generations, if they live, will look back at us and wonder what the fuck we were thinking. We're borrowing their future with negative interest.

## Links

- Truly glorious and terrifying:

{{< youtube W85oD8FEF78 >}}

- A [thoughtful reply](https://xtramagazine.com/love-sex/lesbian-trans-women-attraction-179626) to a weirdly common refrain from a certain set of queer women. 

## Closing

Sorry for the bummers this week, but hopefully the chuckles evened them out. I'm off to have a bit of a bike ride today, and then settle-in for a movie or three. However you spend your weekend, I hope you're as excited as I am for the impending holiday time (if you're in the US). My birthday is also imminent, and I will officially be in my _late thirties_. I'm as shocked by this as you are. Take care, and enjoy your week, space cowgirls~