---
type: newsletter
title: "D&F 10-23-21"
date: 2021-10-24
description: dune dune DUNE
tags:
  - newsletter
---

The spice must flow!

This is the weekend of Dune, a very important sci-fi book from my childhood. I grew up reading it, watching the David Lynch adaptation, and even wading through the SyFy series. It should come as no surprise that I’ve seen Villneuve’s version three times.

It rules.

If you don’t plan to read or watch it, I get it, but an intergalactic environmental crisis and a failed messiah i candy for my brain.

Here’s chill music to get you through the newsletter this week:

{{< youtube nKDoVuG7uZ0 >}}

Sunday marks the US Formula One race in my hometown, Austin. This season is a much closer championship from a points perspective than we’ve had in years as Hamilton seeks his 8th world title. If you’re a Desus and Mero fan, you’ve seen his appearance on the show, but otherwise, it’s [worth a watch](https://www.sho.com/video/76593/formula-one-legend-lewis-hamilton-races-dandm-talks-met-gala). It’s truly awful that there are few black folks in car or bike racing, and I’m glad there is an effort to address the structural inequality that leads there. I do hope that folks go a sew steps further to address the role policy and economic systems perpetuate racism.

I recently read about a conversational style that I've had since I was young that is often thought of as rude: [cooperative overlap](https://anildash.com/2021/09/25/cooperative-overlap/). Apparently, it's a feature of some cultures, but not others, and where it feels rude to be interrupted for non-overlappers, it's positively dead and dull to _not_ overlap for those of us who do.

While we're learning, let's dive in to how [socialism and kitchens overlap](https://www.megconley.com/by-design/). The most functional (and best, in my opinion) kitchens came from a communist woman, and despite the strange bourgeois attempt to create a labor-less kitchen, the socialist one persists. The only thing my kitchen is missing is a gas stove, which for cooking, really can't be beat. Perhaps induction will take the place of the terrible electric coils I currently have.

## Links

- I love the giant skeleton house:

{{< tweet 1447688824843169792 >}}

- Ah, real monsters:

{{< tweet 1449522355747819528 >}}

- And finally, a fantastic short documentary by Craig Mod on the making of his book, Kissa by Kissa:

{{< youtube l4u5_UyQoyw >}}

## Closing

It's raining a ton this weekend, which we desperately need in the bay, but means bike riding might be challenging. I only managed 20km or so on Saturday, and likely all my riding on Sunday will be indoors. There's a certain joy in the steady rain though, and a fantastic smell to it as well. When I'm not sweating on my bike, I plan to spend a bit of time outside, under an awning, reading a [new book](https://tamarashopsin.com/lw2/).