---
type: posts
title: "august"
date: 2021-09-01
tags:
  - mediadiet
---

Rewatching Six Feet Under. Other notable shows this month were Brand New Cherry Flavor and Cardinal.

<!--more-->

## Books

### Agency

Another re-read. Honestly one of the best Gibsons.

### Psion

A slightly jaunty angle on future space stuff that spent a lot of time on telepathy and belonging. 

## Movies

### Halloween

A rewatch of a classic.

### The Fog

Sometimes slow older movies just don’t hit.

### Basic Instinct

Verhoeven’s idea of butch is pretty in line with my preferred presentation. We all need a friend who says “goddamn you dumb sonnafabitch you fucked her”.

### Tropic Thunder

It’s wild this got made.

### The House That Jack Built

It’s still really confusing that some of y’all think Matt Dillon is hot.

### Demonic

Meh.

### Pig

Completely unexpected, and excellent.

### Assault on Precinct 13 (2005)

A pretty good remake that concerned itself with being a fun movie over being true to the source material. Hawke and Fishburne delivered a solid action performance.

### Total Recall (2012)

Way less memorable and funny than the original. This was a serviceable action film that reminded me of when Hollywood really wanted Colin Firth to be the new Tom Cruise.

### Total Recall

Verhoeven is a master of cinema and this is up there with his best. Every Arnold scene is using him to his best, and between the makeup and plain silly puppets, it’s a blast.

### Assault on Precinct 13

Watched so I could listen to more Blank Check. The premise is super absurd but the action was fun, and there were some very entertaining bits and camera shots.

### Titanic

When this came out I remember taking a date to see The Wedding Singer instead and I don’t regret that choice. It was a neat disaster film once it got to that point, and Kathy Bates did a great job, but the romance bit didn’t do much for me. I mean, we’ve all made stupid choices in love, but don’t dive off a lifeboat for a boy you just met!

### What Lies Beneath

A little spooky, but mostly rad because Harrison Ford is playing against expectations.

### Castaway

So brutal and good. This is just hit after hit and makes you sad about a volleyball.

### A Quiet Place Part 2

Spooky and a lot less “why?!” than the first film. I prefer Cillian Murphy to Krasinski.

### Beckett

A competent but ultimately substanceless thriller. It was fun to watch JDW just run around and do wild shit.

### The Abyss

James Cameron invented SMS.
A real spooky, tense, wet time.

### Evangelion 2.0 - 3.0 + 1.0

Much more compelling than the original series, with a solid ending.

### Riddick

He almost lost his house over this.

### A Cure for Wellness

Spooky fun, if a little too long.

### The Hunt

Oof.

### The Retreat

Revenge horror where a lesbian couple has to survive trip to the country. I recommend this to anyone who wonders why I don’t take more road trips.

### Mad Max: Fury Road

Rewatched and if’s still delightful.

### Strange Days

This is cyberpunk gold. I can’t believe it didn’t do well, that it used mini discs as a major plot point, or that it’s not available basically anywhere.

### Showgirls

Transcendent. This was my first time seeing it after avoiding it because I’d made the mistake of thinking it was just schlock. I was wrong. There’s so much weird depth and fantastic camera work in this.

### The Suicide Squad

Perfectly silly and fun. No pretension of being more clever than it needed to be. This is what super hero movies should be.

### Starship Troopers

Such a brilliant satire of our country’s endless thirst for war. Verhoeven is a master.

### Chronicles of Riddick

Just as over the top as I remembered, but I always forget Helen Mirren was in it. This is the start of their love affair. (Drew later told me this was actually Dench)

### The Town

Saw this heist thriller when it first came out, and it held up.

### Martyrs

Yow. That was a bizarre and brutal film.
