---
type: posts
title: "June"
date: 2021-07-02
tags:
  - mediadiet
---

A rewatch of the Resident Evil and Saw movies, with a few seasons of AHP, and a lot of sci-fi sprinkled on top. 

<!--more-->

## Books

### Changing Planes

A fantastic meta-narrative is the lead-in to this multiverse adventure. I appreciate the creativity and speculation even though the short stories are loosely tied together.

### The Seep

A good take on alien invasion with a complex protagonist. The Seep was a nice meditation on loss and moving forward.

### We Are Satellites

An interesting look at the social effects of brain augmentation and who is left behind. Definitely easier to read than her pandemic book.

### Foundation — Issac Asimov 

Wow. What a wild old book. I love the sprawling story even if it completely forgets that women exist.

### Lady Joker — Kaoru Takamura

I thought this was a mystery but it’s much more of a… police and investigative procedural. Slow at times but nice too.

## Movies

### Come to Daddy

Elijah Wood seems to only take fun projects in a post-LOTR world, and I love it. His 2017 film I Don't Feel at Home in This World Again, Wilfred, voice-acting in Miyazaki films, and now this short bowl cut and hooded-cape weirdo film are such a nice career pivot.

### Demon Slayer: Mugen Train

More like a few episodes than a cohesive film, this got me stoked for season 2.

### Resident Evil: The Final Chapter

I’ve seen this one the most besides the first because I got to see it in Japan before it came out in the states. That was a strange experience so it’ll always stick with me. 

### Resident Evil 2-5

Hokey but fun.

### Resident Evil

Classic.

### Red Dawn

The original was a classic schlocky action film, and this one was an alright action remake. I don't know if Chris Pine can live up to Kurt Russell generally, but if you want to see him try, this is a film for it.

### Conjuring: The Devil Made Me Do It

I’m a sucker for this very silly series. I love how much they malign and hate on the spectre of “satanists”. Walter Bishop from Fringr is in this and that was a nice surprise. 

### Saw 3

The first three films in this series are in the perfect uncanny valley of bad fashion. I should listen to the Why Are Dads episode now that I’ve made it through because John is an absolutely insufferable dad.

### Saw 2

I forgot the kid from Continuum was in this. Overall, this sequel was a lot schlockier now that we know what the whole Saw deal is like. The nü-metal at the end dates this more than anything else could.

### Saw

I think I watched this shortly after it came out, but it’s still wild to see Ben from Lost, Danny Glover, and the man in the mask from Princess Bride. This is a classic absurd horror thriller, and this rewatch begins my staycation of Saw.
