---
type: mediadiet
title: "February"
date: 2021-02-28
tags:
  - mediadiet
---

Wow, two months down! 2021 is moving at a brisk pace, and I've fallen deep into the bicycle content hole, while indoor cycling. There's no Formula 1 racing right now, but inexplicably there is cyclocross and road racing on [GCN+](https://racepass.globalcyclingnetwork.com/home), so that took a lot of my typical movie watching time. Book-wise much of the month was eaten by the rather long KSR novel I read. I hope I can whittle down my queue in March. Lots to look forward to on my shelf.

## Books

**No One is Talking About This** — Patricia Lockwood

A hilarious and brutally sad book about the internet and loss. I think this book perfectly captured what using Twitter is like for those who use it to find the funny things.

**‌The Ministry for the Future** — Kim Stanley Robinson

This was less of a novel then a series of essays somewhat thinly held-together by a so-so plot. I enjoyed bits of this, but it felt very long. I do love a good airship and a good eco-anarchism.

**Worldwired** — Elizabeth Bear

A satisfying conclusion with a few pretty interesting action scenes. I don't think this necessarily delivered on the ideas behind climate sci-fi, but generally it was a fun trilogy.

**Scardown** — Elizabeth Bear

An interesting take on a ecological crisis sci-fi. It’s wild that this sort of climate disaster sci-fi was written 15 years ago, and I really enjoyed the AI component and the idea that the US had completely blown itself up before the books begin.

## Movies

**Barb and Starr Go to Vista Del Mar**

My friend texted me to say he was _cackling_ watching this--it was ok funny, but I didn’t know it would be a "silly" musical. I don’t really know what this kind of comedy is called, but it’s not my thing. It’s like Ace Ventura meets Marshall’s with some real Paul Blart 2 vibes.

**The Little Things**

I don't know if I can ever take the sheriff from True Blood seriously, or even Rami Malek. Denzel, as usual, is an imposing figure who oozes charm while methodically saving a crime.

**The Thing**

The remake isn’t the same level of incredible that the original was, but it’s still a pretty great alien film. I loved seeing a bunch of folks who went on to be in lots of TV shows and other things I hasn’t seen when I originally saw this film.

**Monster Hunter**

I don’t know what I expected from a movie based on a game with no plot. The three stars are solely bc I love jovanovich and also every action scene was absurd and delightful. 

**Minari**

A gorgeous, sad, and brutal portrait of trying to make family and a dream work out. The cinematography and soundtrack were a perfect pairing to one of the cutest kids in cinema, and an outstanding performance by Yuen and Youn Yuh-jung. This movie was so good it conquered my Texan's dislike of Oklahoma.