---
type: newsletter
title: "D&F 12/12/21"
date: 2021-12-12
description: rainy
tags:
  - newsletter
---

It's chilly enough at night now in the bay that I've bought [cycling oversocks in a bright _pink_](https://www.rapha.cc/US/en_US/shop/reflective-oversocks/product/RFO01XXHVP)! My toes were frozen on Friday while descending from Grizzly Peak, and due to poor planning, so were my fingers. Luckily, I lived and I am learning. 

In the win column, there is a grocery store five minutes away by bike now, which means it'll be even easier to pop by for bread or veg when I need it—and it's open till 9! The little things excite me these days. The grocery trip was the highlight of my Friday, as I passed on the opening of a wine bar out of COVID caution. My hope is that caution now means I have a good trip to NYC in a few weeks. 

Speaking of which, if you read this, and you live in NYC, hit me up, and perhaps we can get a beer or something when I'm there. I haven't visited since 2019, so I'm way overdue, even though I managed to schedule _exactly_ when my friend Lena will be on the west coast. Whoops.

As a woman in a BMI category called "obese" you can imagine I've heard about all the diets, and read all the science about how even with "diet and exercise" your body fights you to regain any lost weight until you return to your stable size. It's frustrating and often embarrassing—I wish we lived in a world that didn't treat fat people like shit. This week there's a new "[future of weight loss](https://www.worksinprogress.co/issue/the-future-of-weight-loss/)" of which I will remain incredibly skeptical. I'm not immune to the pressures to be thin, so I don't know if I could resist trying this if it were safe, affordable, and effective. We'll see.

Far less frustrating than weight bullshit, but still bizarre is the world of cable standards. Welcome to [the new cable hell](https://tidbits.com/2021/12/03/usbefuddled-untangling-the-rats-nest-of-usb-c-standards-and-cables/), same as the old one. I've moved do USB-C almost completely, but even I wasn't always sure why some of my bike lights and gizmos weren't charging with some cables. Maybe you'll learn something, or maybe you'll just say "fuck it, I'm going back to candles".

I have a long-term dream to potential do exactly what's in this video, buy an old house in Japan and restore it:

{{< youtube TwRjO3kHxU4 >}}

## Links

- Imagining a world in which this was the only thing I'd ever seen in Japanese:

{{< twitter 1465866295686180864 >}}

- _sickos face_ Yes! Yesssss!

{{< twitter 1387830788792754177 >}}

- Tis the season to be semen:

{{< twitter 1464711213833764872 >}}

## Closing

This weekend is the end of a contentious F1 season, and I’m hopeful that as you read this, Lewis Hamilton is beating Verstappen by a wide margin in a clean race.

In Oakland it’s supposed to rain for the next few days, which means I might get an incidental rest week cycling. I enjoy riding in light rain but with the cold, that’s a recipe for disaster. Thankfully there’s only a little more work before the holiday break, and I plan to bundle up and ride a lot.

If you’re reading this I hope you have a cozy week and start making winter treats. Stay safe, stay warm, and keep laughing, space cowgirls~