---
type: newsletter
title: "D&F 04/10/22"
date: 2022-04-10
description: concerts and a stolen porsche
tags:
  - newsletter
---

For the first time in over two years I went to a concert. My friend Cooper hit me up this week to give me two free tickets from his date, C, and I convinced Zach to join. It was a surreal experience, not just due to the sheer number of people, but also because Beach House is the kind of band I'd listen to at home while a little stoned, and not at a large outdoor venue. I had fun though, and the whole night was lovely until I broke my bike basket due to rough roads and managed to go over my handlebars at 1mph. I emerged unscathed, save for one really gnarly bruise on my thigh which looks more impressive than it feels.

If you follow me on Strava, I've uploaded a photo of said bruise, and even tried to match my bib shorts today to its distinctive purple hue. 

This week also meant lots of laughs and some odd moments both online and during the return of in-person therapy. [This story](https://www.hagerty.com/media/advice/a-few-things-to-know-before-you-steal-my-914/) of what to consider before stealing a Porsche was particularly good. My uncle had one of these that he lovingly restored, but I got to see first hand how many things were broken initially on it despite it being garaged since the 70s. The 914 is a weird car.

While looking for movies to watch this week, I ran into Alice, a new film about a woman who discovers the plantation she's grown up on is actually in a false past and the world is firmly in the 70s. The movie claimed to be based on real life, so I googled around and found this [wild tale](https://www.vice.com/en/article/437573/blacks-were-enslaved-well-into-the-1960s).

Growing-up I was taught to be ashamed of sex, my body, and especially my desires, so I'm honestly a bit impressed by these [extremely horny women](https://www.inputmag.com/culture/goonettes-gooning-women-porn-sex-addiction). I can't say watching porn all day seems like a particularly edifying hobby, but hey, the world is heating up and I guess any port in a storm. This week Bloomberg confirmed what I already knew—[no one really works all day](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2022-04-05/more-than-half-of-the-working-day-is-spent-kinda-sorta-working?sref=E9Urfma4). With WFH, I guess you could nip off for a few sexy fun times, but personally, I just bake bread and go on bike rides. 

## Links

- I can't tell if this video was a surprise or was super staged, but I guess it inspired a bunch of other videos that are definitely the latter:

{{< youtube oVH3j31pV7Y >}}

- I showed these videos to Drew and Christine today and they were convinced it'd be a matter of time until I own a van that is exclusively filled with fancy lightweight camping equipment. I just want to convert my GTI to a camping machine:

{{< youtube yFzQe2hGPP8 >}}

- I've lived in my car before when I was broke in college, so I don't relish the idea, but I guess GTIs are used for that too:

{{< youtube 3hUD0dMKl0A >}}

- Finally, here's how to build a city for actual humans, and not giant cars:

{{< youtube RYuGWOjm26E >}}

## Closing

I can't tell if van/car life stuff is always by choice, or if people who don't have any money or choice have found a way to partially monetize their situations on youtube. I don't think I would've had a very good YouTube channel when I was living in my Sentra though, because it was mostly just filled with cigarette butts and cat litter. 

I've been very lucky and have come a long way since then, so even when I go camping, I sometimes am like "oh this is real weird." I will say you get really good at living lightly and packing very little when your stuff needs to mostly fit in your trunk.

With it getting pretty hot in the Bay Area and staying winter in NYC, I'm very in my head about climate change this week but I'm trying to battle it with more chill bike rides. I'll report back on how well that does to distract and soothe me over the coming weeks. I hope whatever season it is where you are, you're enjoying it. Stay chill, have a delicious beverage, and tell someone you appreciate them, space cowgirls~
