---
type: posts
title: "may 22"
date: 2022-06-01
description: gravel and books
tags:
  - mediadiet
---

A long month of cycling, movies, and a burst of reading at the end of the month.

## Books

### Sea of Tranquility

Fantastic! Shades of David Mitchell, but more contained and rather relaxing.

### The Body Keeps the Score

I’ll definitely return to this again in the future. This book captures the cutting-edge and seemingly silly ways modern trauma is treated effectively. Many stories and ideas here have fueled therapy sessions for the two or three months I’ve read it.

### Ninth House

Magic at a University more mundane than the Magicians, but every bit as seedy. I hope there are more of these.

### Warm Worlds and Otherwise

A very strange collections from an interesting lady. I’ve got a few other of Tiptree’s books and I’m curious if they’re all so horny.

## Movies￼

### Limitless

For sure I’ve seen this before but this movie feels like what every guy from Stanford and young founder dude thinks he sounds like.

### Jackass 4.5

Poor Darkshark. More of the delights and bruises from the gang.

### Desperate Hour

Don’t go into the woods/filming during covid. I dig Naomi Watts but this was… a little too solo.

### Chip'N'Dale

This found the right side of the nostalgia line to be charming and funny.

### Everything Everywhere All at Once

This hit a lot of family buttons and was also super fun.

### Dual

I don't quite understand Stearns' style, but the concept was fun. With so many Finnish actors it was odd to have Gillian try an American accent. 

### Blood Quantum

A pretty cool take on the zombie story. Parts of this were definitely lower-budget but they did a lot with it.

### Deep Water

Incredible divorce energy. Waiting for my retired friends to buy a weird mansion with a pool and start murdering their partner's lovers. The snails were the stars. I hate that he keeps calling his gravel bike a mountain bike and that whoever did continuity let drops turn into flat bars.

### The Innocents

TW they murder a fucking cat in this film which pretty much ruined it for me. The theme of "how do children learn morality" was ok, but wow this was a brutal film.

### Operation Mincemeat

An interesting war spy thriller with a lot of nods towards the ways it influenced various spy novelists.

### The Northman

From husband and wife to son and mother—I wondered what kind of chemistry Skarsgard and Kidman would have in a Viking epic, and the vibe is weird. The VVitch remains my favorite Eggers film, but this clicked with me much more than the Lighthouse. "Their god is a corpse nailed to a tree."

### The Lost City

A goofy blast.

### Mirai

Super cute but also definitely “please have children” propaganda.
 
### A Futile and Stupid Gesture
 
Oh that’s the story of how National Lampoon happened. Kinda fun.