---
type: newsletter
title: "D&F 7/24"
date: 2022-07-24
description: watts the craic
tags:
  - newsletter
---
This week felt long! I was able to get a few bike rides in, but spent Tuesday, Friday, Saturday, and today on call, which always puts a damper on most things that don't involve staying close to a good cell signal. On the upside, quarterly planning and review season is over, so I'm excited to kick off a solid fall of solving problems and enjoying cooler evening rides.

Happy birthday today to my favorite baby, L. Congrats on being two! You can't read yet, but once you're able, I hope you do so voraciously. 

Fresh off watching a few pals get zoomed around by an asshole in a Mercedes SUV, I was reminded of this article about the ways that [money and wealth change people](https://greatergood.berkeley.edu/article/item/how_money_changes_the_way_you_think_and_feel). It's probably possible to have a fair bit of money and stay connected to your humanity but I bet it's a real struggle that requires doing regular on-the-ground work. The real solution is to ensure everyone has enough for their needs, and no one accumulates wealth.

My friend Roland gifted me with the knowledge of [this podcast wherein Luke Rowe and Geraint Thomas](https://anchor.fm/wattsoccurring) (Ineos Grenadier Pro Cyclists) talk about riding, pissing, and Welsh things. It's fantastic if you're into cycling, but probably isn't your bag if you avoid bikes. It's also the first good Anchor podcast I've heard. I think most episodes get recorded during massage table time, which makes the whole thing even sillier.

## Links

- What a bummer that Joe Pera's show got cancelled... fortunately he's got a new gig:

https://youtube.com/watch?v=8873jWYkq5Q

- Even if this was faked, it's fantastic:

https://twitter.com/EmmaSzewczak/status/1549400310967402497?s=20&t=WJT—t9o6jj2g2-XSgr6_Q

## Closing

Today is a bit short because I'm pretty tired! 92km of riding in four hours in the sun wiped me out. The weather was absolutely gorgeous and I found myself doubting if I could ever move away from this weird paradise. I know if you're not in the bay it's been blazing hot all week, so I hope you were able to swim a little or find a way to stay cool. My favorite trick lately is putting cold beers in my jersey pockets on my bike, but this only works for a limited time, and means your beers will be somewhat undrinkably hot when you finish your ride. If you have a good tip, [hit me up](mailto:hello@brookshelley.com), and keep on truckin', space cowgirls~