---
draft: false
type: newsletter
title: "D&F 3-14-22"
date: 2022-03-20
description: Oooh yea
tags:
  - newsletter
---

Today was a real first for me, with a _lot_ of gravel riding. I spent over three hours climbing up and down Wildcat Canyon's pitted and steep pitches with nary a grippy tread in sight. I'm proud of myself for staying upright the whole time, and even though I had to hike up a few steep bits, I loved the whole ride.

My bike, and my body, are dusty as hell but my grin is ear to ear. The best part of the end of my ride was finishing-up at a Mexican food popup with masa-based treats with pals. Later I watched Hausu with Haley and enjoyed some fresh oysters. 

But you don't come here for bike updates (if you do, you might like this coverage of the [Ruta del Jefe](https://theradavist.com/2022/03/2022-ruta-del-jefe/?goal=0_22185853f4-dd88653b9a-224943222), so here's a few things I'm reading this week:

For a heady read, the delightful Yakov Feign has a piece on [deflationary economics and how we got here](https://www.phenomenalworld.org/analysis/deflation-inflation/). 

This is an older article, but it explores the [incredible comedy of Tim Robinson and Zach Kanin](https://www.newyorker.com/culture/the-new-yorker-interview/tim-robinson-and-zach-kanin-on-the-mysterious-alchemy-of-sketch-comedy). If you haven't seen I Think You Should Leave, you owe it to yourself to hop into Netflix and check it out. Robinson famously did poorly on SNL, but his comedy and skits are the best sketches I've ever seen. As a side note the fact that the New Yorker's style guide insists that they say "S.N.L." complete with the periods is hilarious.

## Links

- [Milk. Luke](https://brickshow.com/2020/10/new-lego-star-wars-luke-skywalker-with-blue-milk-30625-polybag-revealed).
- The pandemic has not been kind to many of us:

{{< twitter 1502396100887470082 >}}

- The love shack is a little old place where... we can get togetherrrrrrrrrrr...

{{< twitter 1502044471759974408 >}}

- Look, I love electricity as much as the next lady, but...

{{< youtube L08LjkN1k70 >}}

## Closing

Another lovely weekend has come and gone and I'm already ready for the next one. I wore shorts on Friday and Saturday, so it's clearly summertime now so it's time to surf and catch some _rays_. If you live in a different climate and it's still cold, sorry about that. Summer is a state of mind, so throw some wool tights on under those summer shorts and hang ten, space cowgirls~