---
draft: false
type: newsletter
title: "D&F 3-20-22"
date: 2022-03-20
description: trans cycling
tags:
  - newsletter
---

A bit of rain, a bit of wine, and an exhausting week. The lull in COVID has me both hopeful and extremely skeptical. After two years, another careful friend recently got COVID for the first time, so I'm trying to stay relatively isolated still—bike rides and online games are a salve. This week there's a few out-of-town coworkers visiting so I'm headed to the city to enjoy a lunch and hopefully a ride as well.

It's wild that it's almost April.

This weekend is the beginning of a new F1 season, though even more people are watching the season recaps, Drive to Survive.

{{< tweet id="1502720009319108613" >}}

If you like European himbos, compelling rivalries, and a lot of wild rules, F1 might be for you, and the show the above clips are from is a great way to explore it.

With a few friends losing their cats recently I wonder if any of them would be interested in switching things up and getting an otter instead?

{{< youtube A7WgWDA1D5U >}}

I doubt it's legal or advised to adopt an otter in California, but they are delightfully cute. 

WIth gas prices staying high, perhaps we can lobby for and push legislation that limits car size and makes hard minimums for gas mileage.

With a war going on in the Ukraine, it's easy to try to find ways that it's challenging for us far separated from the horrors of gunfire, but [this article](https://www.dazeddigital.com/politics/article/55563/1/stop-making-the-ukraine-war-about-you) cautions to avoid making it all about ourselves. Between this and folks learning that "emotional labor" isn't just being a decent friend, these are lessons that I hope my generation or the next generation learns.

## Links

- A curmudgeonly cyclist and bike maker with a cult following:

{{< youtube 5_K2UFRs_qA >}}

- A [rad trans lady cyclist](https://www.sram.com/en/life/stories/iwd-garrin-evans) who is finding chosen family through dirt trails.

- How is marble formed?

{{< tweet id="1503387975756890116" >}}

- I'm scared of the "sexy" horror figurines:

{{< tweet id="1505272900546281474" >}}

## Closing

The rest of this weekend will be devoted to F1, bicycling, and trying to get to the end of Elden Ring. There's a real zoning-out that happens for both cycling and games that I'm loving right now, but also time to really thing about my life and all the things I'm working on while my muscles do the rest of the work. There's a joy in some hobbies that comes from the activity, but also a nice meditative quality from them as well. It's hard to be upset when I'm cruising up or down a mountain listening to Bongripper or another weird sludge band. However you find peace, and time to reflect, I hope you get plenty this week, space cowgirls~