---
draft: false
type: newsletter
title: "D&F 3-27-22"
date: 2022-03-27
description: f1 and 100km of bike
tags:
  - newsletter
---
Yesterday marked my longest ever bike ride at 100.5km and 711m of climbing. Afterwards I was far too wiped-out to do much more than eat and share a beer with my pal Soleil, which means this newsletter is coming go you a few hours late.

As I write this, I'm watching the controversial Saudi Gran Prix, marred by human rights violations and bombings—I hope they don't go back next year. If you keep up with F1 I don't need to tell you how interesting this season already is with new teams doing well, and old favorites suddenly struggling. It's a good season to get into the sport, or catch up on Drive to Survive, the Netflix documentary about each season.

This afternoon I'll finish preparing and presenting a Japanese lesson on Showa-era TV for my classmates. I've studied Japanese off and on (mostly off) since middle school, but having a weekly tutoring session and group class is really helping my confidence and joke timing. If you've considered getting into Japanese yourself, [this guide on how to start](https://www.tofugu.com/learn-japanese/) if super helpful. It's a challenging language, but there's so much cool media and culture to experience and enjoy on the other side of learning. As a kid I first learned about Japanese kanji from my friend Alex' DragonBall manga, brought back from Taiwan, and years later I still find some fascination in the [power levels of its characters](https://www.polygon.com/22981598/dragon-ball-power-levels-chart). DragonBall offend ended-up as a bit of top trumps with a lot of grunting, but the idea that one could spend time training and have an objective number showing progress is very appealing to me.

A nerdy obsession that I completely loathe is Bitcoin, and its related technologies, so I was delighted to see how [poorly the El Salvadoran experiment is going](https://restofworld.org/2022/el-salvador-bitcoin/).

And finally, I read [this essay on friendship](https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2022/03/why-we-lose-friends-aging-happiness/621305/) this week while doing a lot of thinking about how my friendships are maintained and nurtured. The two friends whose letters pepper the text seem a bit over-the-top, and I find myself more in favor of the woman cast as a mother by the other woman. It's interesting how much two people can say to each other without getting to the root of things until the end. I hung out with friends this week that often feel like family and talked about how my supposed "extroversion" is actually a strong desire to ensure my chosen family remember me—a strong anxiety response to the failure of my bio family and fear of having to start over. It takes a lot of work to keep friendships going, but it's often well worth it. The trick I've found as I get older is to make sure both parties carry the weight and that there's sufficient trust to create a sense of peace and care instead of the constant friction so often a part of long-term relationships. It's tough!

## Links

- Dune continues to deliver:

{{< youtube an289RSt1Cc >}}

- I thought this was a rather clever way of mocking the idiots who refuse to acknowledge and respect folks whose genders fall outside fe/male:

{{< tweet 1504463231380865031 >}}

- You, looking for an easy way to prepare meals; your neighbor, thinking you live a wild life:

{{< tweet 1505313913528717315 >}}

- Nirvana speed run starts NOW:

{{< tweet 1367476217373417472 >}}

## Closing

If I've done my job today you've learned a little, laughed a little, and ascended to Nirvana. You're welcome. I'm still beat from my bike ride yesterday, and I'm very low on groceries, so it's time for me to hop on a different bike and go resupply. My shopping treat is always a fresh baguette and some jamon, and I can highly recommend a special something for whoever buys groceries in your house—it makes the whole chore feel like a joy, I've found. Snorri is busy sleeping in a sunny patch, and his happy little pose makes me think I too should take a nap later. The weather is shifting between warm and nippy every day, and its made me much more horizontal-prone than usual. 

I hope you're getting to rest and prepare for what is shaping-up to be a very busy summer. Get some new swimming gear, drink something tasty, and take care, space cowgirls~