---
type: newsletter
title: "D&F 01-09"
date: 2022-01-09
description: back2work
tags:
  - newsletter
---

It's _back to work_ week here in the Shelley house. After a very nice break from the 24th until now, I'll need to remember what I do for my job, at least until Friday, when I'm off for a long weekend. I wasn't great at taking time off last year, as I kept hoping in vain that saving up PTO would lead to a nice international trip. COVID made that impossible for me to set-up, and this year I plan to instead try to relax instead of explore.

I'll still be riding my bike a lot though, so don't worry that I'll completely stop exploring.

This weekend started with some outdoor wine-drinking, which inevitably led to a hangover as my not seeing people for a few weeks led to a bit of "too much fun" with friends. My cure was coffee and Belgian cyclocross on tv.

I'm also reading the very good book "The Body Keeps the Score," which led me to thinking a lot about this tweet:

{{< tweet id="1477436339930894337" >}} 

Trauma is a complex monster, and this book has me thinking quite a lot about it, and taking copious breaks from reading to feel some things. It's not exactly a _fun_ read, but it does feel useful. 

Less useful, but way more fun are these [cyber decks](https://cyberdeck.cafe)—computers from an alternate reality where instead of thinner, lighter devices, we got these chonkers. I love the strange nostalgia for 80s and 90s future tech, even though I'm much happier I get to write these words on a ridiculously fast, gorgeous, and light computer with twenty hours of battery life. When I first went to college, I couldn't afford a computer, so I bought a Sony PDA and a little plastic attachable keyboard to take my notes with in class. It had a real _cyberdeck_ vibe, but it didn't have colors, or the internet, so I'm not eve sure what I would do with something like that now.

## Links

- Web3 is absolute dogshit, and [Moxie Marlinspike agrees](https://moxie.org/2022/01/07/web3-first-impressions.html).
- From the man who brought you _overcooked hotdog_ comes air-fried Big Mac.

{{< tweet id="1477453277113593858" >}}

- I still can't believe that Vance is a guy with real political aspiration and fans:

{{< tweet id="1479192435171291136" >}}

- You deserve to enjoy a treat as much as this cat:

{{< tweet id="1475868118903885826" >}}

## Closing

After a slow, groggy morning, I'm trying to rally enough to enjoy the sunlight today and head out on a longer ride. Fortunately the days are getting longer again, so my late starts aren't nearly as detrimental as they were last month. I hope you're also getting to enjoy the winter wherever you are, whether you're bundled-up around a fire, or cozy in shorts in a more temperate climate. Fall is my favorite season, but winter has a real charm to it as well, even if we don't get much of one in the Bay Area. Do you feel like it's actually 2022 yet? Even that number feels too futuristic to me to be real, but here we are! Enjoy your week, and I hope you get some sun, space cowgirls~