---
type: newsletter
title: "D&F 05/08/22"
date: 2022-05-08
description: anna "arms" k
tags:
  - newsletter
---

Another weekend is nearly over, and my legs are tired. I took on a short but steep ride yesterday, climbing over 3600 feet in around ten miles. The views were sp ectacular.

Happy birthday to Anna, who I have fond memories of working out with virtually during the first pandemic year. Best arms in the biz.

If you need something long and wild to read on your idle Sunday, I recommend [this tale of deception and grift](https://cyclingtips.com/2022/04/exposed-by-a-strava-kom-the-many-lives-of-a-fake-pro-cyclist/). I’m an avid cyclist and I spent entirely too much time on Strava, but that guy is wild. I’m fascinated that he managed to fool so many people for so long, and build a career on lies. Fascinating.

It was a tough week for most of us, considering the impending destruction of bodily autonomy for women and other folks with uteruses, but [this piece](https://defector.com/the-difference-between-protest-and-resistance/) got to the heart of why it’s so rough. When I was in Austin, most of my activism and connection to organizing was around abortion and reproductive justice—culminating in action during the Wendy Davis filibuster. I left Texas not long after our failure to protect those rights, as I sought more trans rights for myself in Oregon. Folks ask me regularly if I would return to Texas, but sadly it’s both too hot, and too backwards in its gerrymandered politic to appeal. One day I hope there is a sea change in basic rights in Texas and other misogynistic states, but for now we keep fighting.

## Links

- I present to you: a guy who unclogs drains:

{{< youtube 1-zEvy3BaUw >}}

- A soothing cover of a song from one of the best electronic albums of all time:

{{< youtube La7lWZ8h2_E >}}

- I miss Japan:

{{< tweet user="juanbuis" id="1521418509514850307" >}}

- I haven’t read this, but if you struggle to read things or not bounce between apps every day, maybe [it can help](https://bookshop.org/books/stolen-focus-why-you-can-t-pay-attention-and-how-to-think-deeply-again/9780593138519).

- I don’t understand how he does this:

{{< youtube l789l6np-qA >}}

## Closing 

As summer really sinks its teeth into 2022, I hope you lather yourself in sunscreen and go lay in some grass. I’m off to Oregon in a few weeks for a gravel event with my friend Matt, and I am both nervous and excited. I’ll report back when it’s done and I’ve finished the drive back, but if you’re reading this and want to join: [Cycle Oregon Gravel](https://cycleoregon.com/gravel-ride-guide-2022/).

For now, I’m off to eat some vegan pizza and watch the Miami GP race. Stay safe, look at trees, and say good morning to every animal you come across, space cowgirls~