---
type: newsletter
title: "d&f 11/27/22"
date: 2022-11-27
description: 誕生日パーティ
tags:
    - newsletter
---

This newsletter comes to you from the other side of 38 years old. It's wild to me that I'm so close to 40 at this point, as it feels like it wasn't that long ago I celebrated my dad's 40th birthday (it was 30 years ago).

But what _is_ time? Our modern insistence on a clock timed to the degradation of a material, and refusal to embrace the subjective and seasonal shifts [really makes for a strange world](https://www.noemamag.com/the-tyranny-of-time/). As a night person, I hate the shorter days, but even more-so with the change of the clock. Though, as I get older I wonder if I'll ever wake up in the morning and enjoy it?

I'm preparing for a little trip soon that I'll report back on later, but for now just know that I get to use my 日本語 and get some hiking miles in.

Part of my planning meant deciding on a device for the trip, and I think I'm going to go with an iPad Mini with cellular and a Magic Keyboard. Previous trips meant bringing an 11" iPad, but the weight of that device plus a keyboard is even more than my 14" MacBook Air, so I wanted to avoid it. I'm curious if I'll regret not having a full computer with me, but I think it'll be fine.

## Links

- A fascinating look at why the Japanese internet looks so different than the one in the US:

{{< youtube z6ep308goxQ >}}

## Closing

After writing this newsletter I'm off to enjoy soba with a bunch of pals and enjoy a warm fall night. This edition was a little short since almost all the things online are about the fall of Twitter and at this point I find that boring. Hopefully more variety will pop up between now and next week so I have more to share. Happy my birthday to you, space cowgirls~