---
type: newsletter
title: "D&D 2-13-22"
date: 2022-02-13
description: 
tags:
  - newsletter
---


Happy Sunday! This newsletter is coming to you a bit late because my Saturday was spent riding my bike and then enjoying a long evening of wine at Ordinaire. I did way more climbing than I initially planned, due to a "let's see where this goes" detour down and around a mountain. I'm not a fast climber, but I'm persistent, so eventually I made it back up and over to a charcuterie treat.

If you ride and are also not great at climbing, you've probably heard people talk about losing weight, but besides not being possible long-term, it's [not actually a great plan](https://www.bicycling.com/health-nutrition/a38950116/quit-obsessing-weight/).

It's a big sporting day for [head trauma](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_NFL_players_with_chronic_traumatic_encephalopathy), so be sure to heat up those jalapeño poppers and slather some chicken wings with buffalo sauce. Let's SPORT!

And now, the

## Links

- I love these physical gifs:

{{< twitter 1490591268535259137 >}}

- I missed the anniversary of the large boulder this year, but next year, I'll be sure to celebrate:

{{< twitter 1486628089337683974 >}}

- Michael Hobbes' video on the specter of cancel culture is delightful:

{{< twitter RkVYvp_CumI >}}

- The Gameboy... [not just for entertainment](https://medium.com/attract-mode/the-game-boy-pediatric-sedation-headset-aka-pedisedate-3d02a18f348b).

## Closing

I'm taking some much needed time off this week, and hopefully even more time this quarter. Work was rough lately, and the accumulated toll of the pandemic has really caught up to me. I hope you're able to take some breaks and find a way to recover a bit too. Riding through the forest yesterday was a treat, and I think being able to get back into the woods might be just what I need. Camping and cycling awaits! Until then, keep cool, and stay hydrated, space cowgirls~