---
type: newsletter
title: "D&F 04/17/22"
date: 2022-04-17
description: on-call
tags:
  - newsletter
---

This weekend I'm on call at work. This happens just about once a quarter, but it's often been quiet. Unfortunately I had a few things to respond to beginning around 6 on Friday with a lot of folks working on fixes for way more time than I did. Nothing major was broken, but sometimes in tech you need to get to the bottom of something before there is actual fallout.

In preparation for the chance I'd be really busy, I took Wednesday through Friday off, but a sudden rain meant my bike riding was a little compromised. Thursday was a very, very wet hill climb to therapy.

The more I've ridden around the Bay Area and seen the varied areas and huge disparate distributions of wealth, I've thought about how to build and [foster a stronger community](https://static1.squarespace.com/static/55cdc310e4b0ff3ccdc21c1c/t/57c5ea502994ca25c1246726/1472588415822/Illustrated+Guide+to+Participatory+City+-+Download+version.pdf). Making cities work better is a holistic effort that needs families, single people, and elders to support and know each other—moving from area to area with less fear or danger than often occurs on our busy streets. Cars are somewhat antithetical to a nice neighborhood or people-focused design, but they also create [huge costs over time](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0921800921003943). I don't think the personal choice to avoid driving a car, or being unable to afford one is the solution by any means, but political and environmental policies that offer a carrot too are vital.

Sure, I'm bike obsessed, but even I don't think I could tackle this [300+ mile long ride in Arizona](https://theradavist.com/lael-wilcoxs-2022-arizona-trail-800-time-trial-preparations-and-gear-list/). Lael Wilcox is a beast of a cyclist and I hope someday to get to wave at her at some event. The more women I get to see cycling professional or just around town, the more amped I get to ride. 

This week's Survivor showed that nature is healing, because it included an Applebee's reward challenge... with all the fixins.

## Links

- A [book I'm planning to read soon](https://bookshop.org/books/stolen-focus-why-you-can-t-pay-attention-and-how-to-think-deeply-again/9780593138519) on how to consider focus.
- I liked [this essay](https://fs.blog/why-life-cant-be-simpler/?utm_source=densediscovery&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=newsletter-issue-177) on complexity and how to think about how "simplicity" often means offloading complexity elsewhere.

## Closing

Sorry if the email this week was a bit scattered—my sleep was super off last night, but hopefully Sunday is a bit more relaxed and restful. However things are going for you this weekend, I hope you have an easy day too. Stay safe, at something great, and think about the full moon we just got, space cowgirls~