---
type: newsletter
title: "d&f 9/04/22"
date: 2022-09-04
description: scams, BMI, same thing
tags:
  - newsletter
---

Long weekends are the best. For a fleeting day or two extra, you can pretend that your life is your own and you don't perform labor for healthcare and rent. I spent my extra time reading, watching movies, and riding my bike, which isn't really different from normal length weekends, to be honest.

The youth are sick of [the capitalism scam](https://web.archive.org/web/20220725193801/https://www.nytimes.com/2022/07/07/opinion/work-busy-trap-millennials.html), it seems. I've eagerly waited for the next generation to realize that the game is rigged since I started my first post-college job, making 30k a year with 60k of student debt, no healthcare, and no real hope of success (it was 2006). When I see someone's calendar completely filled, unless it's intentional blocking-off for focused time, I feel a bit bad for the person. Saying no, and finding time to think and be alone or with a pet or a bike is so vital to life.

Despite this being on a site trying to sell you something, it's an interesting look at how inaccurate and somewhat [useless body composition measurements](https://macrofactorapp.com/body-composition/) are for individuals. So much weight and body stuff is (it turns out) based on population assessments or just outdated guesses by some weird German guy or fitness guru from the time we all thought smoking was part of a balanced diet. I get the sense as we learn more about gut and digestive bacteria as well as gene therapies a lot of dieting will go from being expensive and questionable to expensive, effective, and a bit bizarre.

Finally, how long until the space gas station has those annoying little video ads that play while you spend twenty million on go fast juice for your pleasure ship?

{{< twitter 1565731783982944264 >}}

## Links

- This cat can see the future:

{{< twitter 1563261794839560193 >}}

- Still laughing in the face of the big orgasm:

{{< twitter 1564278297403572227 >}}

- For the first time, I feel good about our future:

{{< twitter 1566147768275517440 >}}

## Closing

Well, I'm beat! A lot of riding in the heat means I'm writing this while fully on my back on the couch. Today there's an F1 race, and my only plan besides watching it is to do a bit of a bike ride and stay hydrated. Happy almost Labor Day, and I hope you stay safely out of the heat wave this week. Swim and take cold showers, space cowgirls~