---
type: posts
title: "October 22"
description: horrifying numbers of films
date: 2022-11-01
tags:
  - mediadiet
---

Spooky times and spooky movies.

<!--more-->

## Books

###‌The Water Cure###

Strange and compelling.

###An Actual Star###

I either learned a lot about Mayans or was sufficiently fooled. A fun romp in triple.

###The Golden Enclaves###

A solid ending to a very rad magic system and series.

## Movies

###Good Time###

Post-Twilight Pattinson is such a bizarre and great actor. Every shot was so chaotic and the score ruled. Sadfies great at making stories about bad people.

###Triangle of Sadness###

Incredible. One of the funniest movies I’ve seen in a while. So many scenes and shots are going to stay with me.

###Deadwax###

Damn I want a record player now.

###The Invitation###

Not going to parties is the best choice, especially in LA. Kusama’s best.

###The Strangers###

Way too much screaming and I had to keep cranking down the volume because I live in an apartment. 

###Bros###

No man with as much hair as Luke would wear a hat that much. Park fight had me cracking up. Every party has a Steve. Silly, cute, and heartwarming.

###Inspector Ike###

A little on the nose, but a neat little send-up/tribute to Columbo and the ilk.

###Halloween Ends###

Never my favorite horror series, but this was an ok ending, I guess.

###Silent Hill###

The child in this is upsettingly ADR'd. Also glad to know my ACAB feelings mean I don't find the cop hot. 

###The Wailing###

There’s probably a political message here, but also it’s a spooky time.

###Dear Zachary###

Fuck. It feels weird to "rate" this movie since it's clearly very important, but also very unpleasant to watch.

###10 Cloverfield Lane###

Way less traumatic on rewatch than the first viewing. Other than the "locked in a house with a big guy" vibe this was a fun, weird film.

###Villains###

Real Skarsgård and Monroe month over here. Not too many surprises but entertaining.

###We Need to Talk About Kevin###

Reasons to never breed: 1-1000. Ezra Miller so good at playing a creepy nightmare person they continued in real life. Legitimately hard to watch,, but the emotional warfare it plays on the viewer is impressive.

###The Night Eats the World###

This likely feels different to watch than it would mid-quarantine, but it still feels a bit too real. Lie and Lavant are excellent throughout, with the latter playing a truly odd role well.

###Revenge###

Well-shot, but I don't think the 'woman gets revenge for sexual violence" genre is my thing. Like, hey, love the revenge, but the film is much more concerned with the men than I care for. Nothing in this feels new or important in any way, and it's got the same gore-factor as an Evil Dead.

###Wildlife###

Oof. A pretty brutal look at having to parent your parents.

###Barbarian###

Went in knowing nothing but the cast and came out a bit freaked out and very impressed.

###Personal Shopper###

One of the saddest things was watching Kristen Stewart have to drink French coffee. A scene in this film is maybe the only time I've seen a cis woman portrayed like a trans woman wrt fetishization of dresses. No clue what to expect going in, but this was a great and unlikely pair for my other film of the evening.

###The Uninvited###

I hate an awkward lamb. I can see how this set the stage for quite a few haunted house movies but the pacing of 40s films still makes me yawn.

###Decision to Leave###

I'll have to rewatch this to make sure I'm not judging the cinematography by a lot of the terrible films I've seen this year, but wow. A truly excellent movie about the weird ways feeling and truth intersect.

###Significant Other###

This is a good year for Maika Monroe's spooky films. Gorgeously shot, with some fun scares and nice concept.

###Hellraiser###

A gross, weird fun time. I’ve only seen the original but I always dig bizarre portrayals of demons.

###Cronos###

Why, upon finding a very ugly busted statue, would you keep it? An interesting, slightly spooky debut.

###Jason Bourne###

A waste of Vikander and Cassel, but better than the Renner one at least.

###Rec###

Continuing my spooky month with a rewatch of a classic found footage film. I love how quickly this amps up.

###The Man from U.N.C.L.E###

nothing to write home about, but a fun, serviceable, action film.

###The Descent###

Every time I see this movie the scariest thing is the actual spelunking. Caves? No thanks.