---
type: newsletter
title: "D&F 7/4"
date: 2022-07-04
description: stop flying, start truckin'
tags:
  - newsletter
---

Ah, the long weekend. We might have less independence from the aging oligarchy in the United States due to the Supreme Court's destruction of abortion rights and environmental protections, but at least we still get a bank holiday.

This weekend was full of birthdays and bicycling and Portland sunny (grey) skies. With COVID waving all over again, we kept to the outdoors and had burritos in the park. 

What if we all [stopped flying](https://www.bbc.com/future/article/20220519-what-if-we-all-stopped-flying)? I doubt we'll get there anytime soon, but it's an interesting thought exercise. Trains, boats, and airships would take the place of planes, and the majority of people on the planet who don't or can't afford to fly would continue to stay close to home. Unless we invent teleportation, I think the future might include a lot less long-distance travel than the present. 

Every time I misspell bureaucracy for the first or fourth time in a row I wonder what English would be like without French loanwords. The answer is a combination of [grim and hilarious](https://youtu.be/IIo-17SIkws). I shan't be using Anglish any time soon.

Recently I've gotten a lot of strange spam texts that pretend to be from someone I've lost touch with or hooked up with in the past. I have a policy to delete and ignore everything that comes from unknown numbers, but I was still curious where they were sent from and what the scam was—[Max Read is on it](https://newsletters.feedbinusercontent.com/528/528ff9b1d590ed8ddf1a8408c813a20569dba8e1.html). At this point I still wish I could opt-out of having a phone number.

Let's ring in the fourth with some...

## Links

- I miss when this guy was just a local weirdo in Austin:

{{< youtube KGAAhzreGWw >}}

## Closing

It's a rough summer for so many reasons and I'm sure I'm not the only one feeling dejected and depressed. It's hard to believe in progress or the future when the ghouls in charge continue to drag us back to the past. The only solace I have is that the majority of Americans are pro-choice and want common sense things like universal healthcare and universal childcare. I don't know how long it will take to overthrow or outlive the liches who collect a state support check, but I hope I get to see it. Keep supporting each other and we'll get there, space cowgirls~