---
type: posts
title: "march 22"
date: 2022-04-02
description: cycling and goblins
tags:
  - mediadiet
---

A lot of cycling, not much reading, and movies galore.

## Books

**The Goblin Emperor**

The number of characters with similar names was baffling at times, especially for such a densely woven tale of intrigue, but on balance I enjoyed the story. 

## Movies

**Apollo 11**

Wow.
This was a breathtaking documentary reconstruction of film and still photos. It’s amazing to see all the incredible space stuff against the backdrop of a time I’m only familiar with from old family photos. Short-sleeved dress shirts and chain smoking? Hell yea.

**Beyond the Infinite Two Minutes**

The camera work is outstanding. This one one of the more clever and fun time concepts I’ve seen on film. The acting is a bit ~~more~~ improv show than drama, but it comes together and continues to be fun.

**Moonfall**

"Mounting moon terror" is a phrase uttered in this film, and I couldn't be happier. A ridiculous moon disaster movie is exactly what I wanted tonight. The screw-up kid was a hat on a hat though, and ditto all the Elon shit.

**After the Wedding**

Another story of flawed men and regret, but with excellent performances, music cues, and a fantastic pace.

**Perfect Blue**

I’ve watched this a few times and it’s still a fascinating look at obsession and an entertainment career. I wish Kon was alive and making more movies.

**Death on the Nile**

The biggest shock of this film was that Brand could act! I saw this film’s predecessor in Osaka a few years ago and have a fondness for Branaugh and Christie. The costuming was nice, and the mystery taut. This movie makes me with I could travel again!

**Drive My Car**

This movie will stick with me for a while. I haven't read the story its based-on, so I went into it with only a one Hamaguchi and an idea of Murakami's style in mind. The use of silence and a spare soundtrack really lent itself to the long road shots and close-ups of faces. An amazing film.

**The Adam Project**

A thoroughly fun action film. This was well-paced, high-enough budget, and chill.

**What Keeps You Alive**

This is why I’ve always preferred a clean break and never trust a girl with a Jeep. A fun if a little long-winded thriller.

**Miami Connection**

A classic with first-timer Drew.

**After Yang**

Woah, a Lily Chou-chou song! This movie was a fascinating look at a struggling family. It was a less aggressively uneasy Black Mirror episode; thoughtful mediation on life.

**Fresh**

Initially I thought the guy in this was Henry Cavill, which would've been a little too on the nose. Also I will never believe that anyone sleeps in a bra despite at least two former dates doing so. Lesbian best friend is the new gay best friend? I guess this movie is saying that heterosexuality is basically the same as being kidnapped and slowly killed by a man... which, huh. Ok. 

**Spiderman: No Way Home**

More fun than I expected but I still hear “Spider-Man” in the voice of the grown man crying next to me in the theater during the Avengers movie.

**Hausu**

A weird and silly mess. 