---
type: newsletter
title: "D&F 04/25/22"
date: 2022-04-25
description: 420 blaze
tags:
  - newsletter
---

Happy 420 week to all who celebrate. When I was a kid the weed culture I knew about was shopping at Spencer's gifts for lava lamps or being really stoked about disc golf. Now though, I keep watching bike videos where a group of folks are casually passing a joint around while riding through a forest, and that is definitely more my vibe. 

We're fast entering a new _hot_ COVID summer, and you might be wondering how you can prepare, besides buying sunscreen. Well, the Atlantic has you covered with how we should [prevent a _hot zone_ summer](https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2022/04/covid-pandemic-free-summer/629568/).

>>> The pandemic simmered; Americans looked away, and let the crisis boil over again. Instead of holding last summer up as our paragon, we would do better to look ahead to the next one, and the next—moving past wanting things as they were, and instead imagining what they could be.

For my part, Japan has reopened to foreign travelers, which means I'm considering another long trip across the Pacific, and thinking about the liminal airport spaces between cities:

{{< tweet 1516266180004089856 >}}

I don't think I'll be going soon, but I would really enjoy the adventure and opportunity to pack lightly again. This time around my plan would be to rent or otherwise find a bicycle to ride around the hills and valleys of Kyushu. I think there are more than a few rental companies, but I might need to bring my own helmet and definitely my own shoes and kit, which flies in the face of my light packing desires. Hell, maybe I'll even bring a bike. Time will tell.

As the pandemic continues, I think may of us have either become more demented, or just let our freak flags fly a bit more. I'm not one to judge, but let me be clear: no one wants the [balldo](https://www.vice.com/en/article/m7vvm4/balldo-sex-toy-review). Yes, it's a dildo for your balls. No, it's not any good. Yes, for your balls.

I hate it.

Not to keep things heavy, but the reporting and writing in [this article](https://proteanmag.com/2022/04/22/singal-and-the-noise/) about the dangers of awful people who make facist views seem innocuous is very good. The continued attacks on trans youth across the country are appalling. As recently as a few years ago I bemoaned my and older generations' abilities to talk with younger trans kids growing up in a supportive environment, but it seems like our kids are going to have as bad if not worse time than many of us. 

I'll end today by sharing this [helpful article on climate change](https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2021/nov/18/ten-ways-confront-climate-crisis-without-losing-hope-rebecca-solnit-reconstruction-after-covid). Solnit's writing is usually a balm, and in this case it gives me a little hope for our future. 

## Links

- I watched Toni Erdmann this week and learned about the mighty [Kulkeri](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kukeri).
- TIL you cannot exceed the weight limit of this box:

{{< tweet 1516936733769801734 >}}

- A week late, but happy bunny day:

{{< tweet 1517835751764815872 >}}

## Closing

Today I'm watching the Italian Grand Pix, and then heading out on a long bike ride to SF or Fairfax, depending on my timing. I did a very fun off-road ride yesterday that culminated in an outdoor birthday BBQ with Cooper, but today I'm excited to have a long solo think on the saddle. Other highlights of this weekend were the strain "garlic cookies", and the excellent pizza that Haley made on Friday. Though it felt too short, this weekend was so much better than the last, when I was on call. I hope you got to do something fun with your time, and perhaps saw _The Northman_. Take care, and care take, space cowgirls~