---
type: newsletter
title: "d&f 8/29/22"
date: 2022-08-29
description: fish body slam
tags:
  - newsletter
---
Happy Sunday! You made it! I hope your day is filled with joy, sun, and the love of a friend, family member, or pet.

A little bird told me his mom got full-body slammed in the face by a fish while swimming in the ocean! Honestly, this is more reason to avoid that salty hell for me. Get well soon, Janice!

GREAT NEWS! [More people think human-caused climate change is real than you think](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41467-022-32412-y)! In fact, most people believe that and want to fix it! Now the trick is convincing people that it's as true as the data presents, and then banning lobbying and somehow making politicians around the world stop pandering to the ultra-wealthy and save humanity's chance at a habitable world.

Also, [a mega-yacht sank](https://jalopnik.com/watch-this-130-foot-megayacht-sink-off-the-coast-of-ita-1849445415). Everyone was rescued, but it's unclear if anyone learned a lesson about charity or eyes of needles or hubris.

Social media: is it... _bad_? People keep asking the question and even though they totally hate it, those same people keep logging into FB, Instagram, Twitter, etc. [But is it? Bad?](https://www.newyorker.com/culture/annals-of-inquiry/we-know-less-about-social-media-than-we-think)

> [His] prescriptions are sociopolitical. Two of his three major suggestions seem useful and have nothing to do with social media: he thinks that we should end closed primaries and that children should be given wide latitude for unsupervised play. His recommendations for social-media reform are, for the most part, uncontroversial: he believes that preteens shouldn’t be on Instagram and that platforms should share their data with outside researchers—proposals that are both likely to be beneficial and not very costly.

The jury seems out on a lot of the oft-cited ill-effects of any one platform, but the anxiety and uncertainty seem real at least. The terminally online (guilty) are also somewhat insufferable for offline people, but for me, the weird memes and jokes of the week are what I pay attention to instead of celebrities or what birds are migrating currently. To each their own.

Harry Styles says [a goofy thing again, news at 10](https://www.dazeddigital.com/music/article/56811/1/harry-styles-faces-backlash-for-comments-about-gay-sex-in-films-grindr). The article is worth a read but I'll spoil part of the incredibly uneducated and embarrassing quote right here:

> “So much of gay sex in film is two guys going at it, and it kind of removes the tenderness from it,” he said.

First, which films?! Second, mad about sex having sex in it? L O L. I think _most_ movies could be made significantly better with 5-10 minutes of explicit gay sex instead of endless winky references to old movies or tired jokes. And, while it lacks an ass-slapping visit to _pound town_, Moonlight is maybe the most tender movie I've ever seen. Anyways, remember kids: just because you wear a mesh shirt and prance around a little you are not gay unless you're actually gay (sexually and/or romantically attracted to folks sharing your gender not necessarily exclusive of other genders). If he comes out ever, bully for him, but for now I'm frankly a bit sick of cishet dudes being _brave_ for wearing a little lipstick. Low bar, folks.

## Links

- It's F1 racing weekend in Spa, so I'll be listening to this all day:

{{< youtube Kqs7iXKc93Q >}}

- Occasionally I will pause to rewatch this video:

{{< tweet id="1562138410696843264" >}}

## Closing

Sorry, I got a little fired up about Harold and his styles. I'm wiped from a bike ride and writing this while catching up on F1, and really feeling my oats. This weekend felt entirely too short, but on the upside next week is four days, followed by ten days of much, much needed vacation. 

No, I'm not going anywhere.

Yes, I will be happy as a clam.

If you're in the states, happy week before Labor Day. Thank a union and [remember the anarchists, socialists, and feminists](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Labor_Day) who dedicated their lives to labor rights. May Day is better, but I'll take any holiday I can get that values labor and the proletariat. Happy end of August, and keep tearing down capitalism, space cowgirls~