---
type: newsletter
title: "D&F 1-16-22"
date: 2022-01-16
description: emotion
tags:
  - newsletter
---

Between COVID and the volcano, this weekend has me feeling all of my feelings:

{{< tweet user="eha_news" id="1481562954474663937" >}}

During grim times I often do a bit of retail therapy, substituting a lack of connection and meaning by [buying more stuff](https://www.wired.com/story/a-grand-unified-theory-of-buying-stuff/). It doesn't really work, but as I read online this week, "I'm doing something called January, where every day I try to get through January." It's a tough one. More of my friends are getting or being exposed to COVID, and though mild, it's a scary time. I try hope we get a break sooner than later.

Despite feeling grim about the planet and our species regularly, I took heart from this [essay by Rebecca Solnit](https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2021/nov/18/ten-ways-confront-climate-crisis-without-losing-hope-rebecca-solnit-reconstruction-after-covid) on how to think about climate change, and stay optimistic.

> To remember that things were different, and how they were changed, is to be equipped to make change – and to be hopeful, because hope lies in the possibility of things being different. Despair and depression often come from the sense that nothing will change, or that we have no capacity to make that change.

I am trying to think more about a potential for victory and the possibility of people around the world making meaningful change through our collective action, if for no other reason than it makes me feel hopeful. I also enjoy the entreaty at the end to appreciate the beauty of the Earth now. I spend so much time every day online at work, in my apartment, but my heart fills with joy when I leave my house and spend time around the hills, trees, and ocean nearby. We're so lucky to live on a planet we're so well adapted for, and I hope you also get ample opportunity this week to take in the natural world.

Ok, enough sincerity, it's time for some...

## Links

- One does not simply _consider the lobster_, brother:

{{< tweet user="nick_farriella
"nick_farriella
 id="1480954153350447105" >}}

- You can't beat this dead horse:

{{< tweet user="Warlockdnd" id="1479622002021384195" >}}

- We love a good dollhouse:

{{< tweet user="mickeypip" id="1477682736794062851" >}}

- Such a good album:

{{< youtube eQRJ2lLXV-8 >}}

## Closing

I'm on call this weekend so I have to keep any outdoor cycling adventures short and close to home, but fortunately I had beers outside with some pals on Friday, and get Monday off as well. Whether you have a long or a short weekend, I hope you find some nice ways to enjoy it and a bit of fresh air. We're almost a month through 2022 and I want to believe this year will be a good one. Take care of each other, and "[look for the chimneys](https://gist.github.com/merlinmann/09af1df28d76ba028b0999f66945fd61)," space cowgirls~