---
draft: false
type: posts
title: "August 22"
date: 2022-09-02
description: man, it’s a hot one
tags:
  - mediadiet
---

## Books

### The Bayern Agenda

A fun space spy thriller.

### Our Wives Under the Sea

A haunting tale about love and loss mixed with a bit of deep-sea horror. Bits of this reminded me of the Area X trilogy.

### Draft Animals

The sequel in many ways to Phil's $10 a Day book, this covers his time off and on with Cannonade. It's pretty fun to read so many weird stories about people I watch in races all the time, and a good reminder just how bro-y sports dudes are even in cycling. Fun and touching.

## Movies

### A Dangerous Method

Magneto as Jung spanks patients: news art 10. gotta check with my therapist but I’m pretty sure this is an ethical breach.

### Lolita

Drinking wine in the bath is dope, but everything else about this is hard to watch. Looking forward to Blank Check telling me why this is good.

### Darkman

Hadn’t seen this since I was a kid, and I loved it then too. What if Two-Face _was_ the Batman? Early Frances Mcdormand excellence. I love how the doctors are like “oh yea so once we remove pain this guy is going to be a real rage monster, nothing you can do”. 

### Girls Trip

The sexual politics are terrible, but it's still fun as hell. Also lol about absinthe... I guess the bottle was super old though so it could've had all sorts of lead and shit in it.

### Come True

As I've long suspected, sleep is awful and sleep studies are definitely run by mad scientists.

### Judas and the Black Messiah

Outstanding. The Kaluuya and Stanfield performances were riveting. Fuck cops, fight for the proletariat.

### Murina

Bad dad times.

### Werewolves Within

Werewolves werewolves werewolves.

### Bodies Bodies Bodies

Scream for the tiktokers. Loved this.

### Midnight Run

So many rad guest actors and a fantastic DeNiro and Gordon performance too. A bit of Planes, Trains, and Airplanes if instead of heartwarming it's fun thriller.

### Long Shot

Cute generally, but the "actually being conservative is just a fun quirk" shit blows. 

### Evil Dead (2013)

It's a bit fun they did a remake that was just straight-foward horror.

### Hold the Dark

This was a strange mess at times, but also kinda wild.

### Green Room

Outstanding on a rewatch and a still utterly fucked-up and chilling.

### The World’s End

When I first saw this in the theater I hadn’t seen any Doctor Who, and now, years on, I love that this is like the buddy comedy version of an excellent Who tale.

### Nope

Damn! This was wilder than I expected from the trailers and an absolute blast. Can’t wait to watch it again.

### Ghostbusters: Afterlife

Bustin’ makes me feel good!

This was a cute young person version of Ghostbusters. I’m not sure who it’s for, but maybe the kids will get stoked on old Ramis or Reitman movies?

### Killing them Softly

Oozing with style. I'm not a huge fan of gangster films but everyone in this is so good it carries the theme. Scoot McNairy going full early-career Affleck rules.

### Live and Let Die

James Bond with a digital watch? Say it ain't so. I forgot a good portion of this film takes place in NYC but did remember that the whole thing has Moore awkwardly being extremely English amongst a predominantly Black cast. No fancy cars here, but there's a *bus chase* and some dope speedboats!

### Prey

Throwing axes? Cool. Predators? Cool.
This wasn’t a complicated film but it was fun as hell.

### The Resurrection

Horrifying! An utterly bonkers film about abuse. My pal Esper is great in this (and I was surprised to suddenly see him in it lol). Roth and Hall are haunting and terrifyingly intense. I’m still not sure how much of this story is reliable. Honestly kinda hard to watch.