---
type: newsletter
title: "d&f 9/18/22"
date: 2022-09-18
description: yes queen
tags:
  - newsletter
---

Ding dong the queen is dead, which old queen, [the racist imperial corgi-breeding one](https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/scaachikoul/queen-elizabeth-colonialism-racism-british-empire). I think every former colony of the UK should get a holiday to celebrate outliving their latest ghoul monarch, but nobody asked me.

Maybe she didn't die though, maybe she just ["quiet quit"](https://archive.ph/GfjKv). JK, quiet quitting isn't real, it's just called having a job and not being completely duped by the company. Work to live, don't live to work. The number of friends and acquaintances I saw go through a cycle of really caring and overextending themselves to make a company millions of dollars for a pittance, only to slowly realize the trade isn't worth it is high. Whether it's burnout, or just a dawning realization that the game is rigged, it's great to see people sort out their relationship to the job they must do in order to eat and have healthcare in the United States and rid themselves of the Stockholm syndrome of "team player". It would be amazing if everyone with this revelation was motivated enough to band together in labor unions, and political units to seize power from the oligarchy, but that might be too much to hope for currently. A girl can dream though!

Regardless, death to the [professional try-hard](https://www.vanityfair.com/style/2022/09/the-professional-try-hard-is-dead).

New data shows that the US and UK are poor countries with [extremely wealthy oligarchs](https://twitter.com/jburnmurdoch/status/1570832839318605824?s=46&t=Ykh2p09YK8Z-Z1Xa05gLqw), and this gal? Not surprised. While the GOP is busy moving the Overton window further right we need to keep focused on taxing corporations, the wealthy, and ensuring healthcare and housing are a human right. 

## Links

All twitter links are gone.

## Closing

This week a pal is in town for Dreamhorse, and many bike rides and beers are planned. September is almost over, and fall is very much in the air. If we're lucky, we might even get more rain here in the bay! I hope everyone has gotten or scheduled an Omicron booster and a flu shot by now—not getting sick seems like a great plan.

As for me, I'm going go finish another season of a very strange show, Documental, and then bake some things. Keep dreaming, and good luck with your reading goals, space cowgirls~