---
type: posts
title: "November"
date: 2022-12-04
tags:
  - mediadiet
---

I played a _lot_ of Vampire Survivor for about a week before I swore off it. Overall it was fun, but also a huge time sink. On the TV front, the Peripheral remains excellent, and 1899 just weird enough to get me to keep watching in between binging Andor and Better Call Saul.

## Books

###Road to Nowhere###

A fantastic survey of the history of tech and transport, and how the US especially led the way in fucking the world up for people.

###Pattern Recognition###

A reread—this is a classic and I love it every time.

## Movies

###Knife + Heart###

A fantastic blend of 70s gay porn and slasher that transcends into a love story.

###Jujutsu Kaisen: 0###

This made me want season 2 to come out soon. Fun.

###Silent Hill: Revelation###

Not as good as the first but weirdly fun.

###There's Something in the Dirt###

An interesting COVID-era movie in a similar vein to Primer. I don't know if giving these guys a big budget for film would help or hinder, but conceptually they make cool stuff.

###Glass Onion: A Knives Out Mystery###

Very fun! I think this didn’t match the original but I would happily watch one of these every couple years and hope they get made.

###Amsterdam###

The number of actors in this film is completely unaligned with its quality. In an attempt to be clever and convoluted, it just ends up as a mess. I do love Christian Bale's extreme Kramer energy though.

###Alien: Covenant###

Very charming still, with a+ Fassbender action.

###Prometheus###

This is an annual rewatch for me now, and it's fun every time. I think it was unfairly panned, but has so many weird little scenes that it's great.

###Ad Astra###

A second time through this left me much more satisfied. I think the first viewing I must've been grumpier, but this time the emotion from Pitt was clear, and the grim reality of long-term space travel well-communicated. So many gorgeous shots in this movie.

###Man on Fire###

Denzel in a Tony Scott film is exactly what I needed tonight. A comforting revenge rampage.

###The Celebration###

My first official Dogme 95 watch, though I've seen other _inspired_ by Dogme films. The technical goofiness was fine, but fortunately the story and characters covered for the unnecessary restrictions. A great artist can paint with one color on a rock, but why? Danes get candles right but I don’t understand all the singing.

###Gravity###

Space palette cleanser. Watched this when it came out and it's still thrilling and gorgeous.

###Female Trouble###

My first Waters. Are weird ladies with perms on Lex? "I don't want any boy dates" Gater sounds a _lot_ like Liberty Balboa. “Gonna find happiness in the auto industry”. I wanted to like this but the dialogue being exclusively yelling made it hard to watch.

###Black Hawk Down###

Somehow less stressful than watching election results come in. A good rewatch.

###Disappearance at Clifton Hill###

Cronenburg has an eerily NPR voice that I didn't expect. Very Canadian (complimentary).

###Hellbender###

Kinda wild that this was made by and stars a family. If more families made metal together and horror films I think the world would be a better place. Parts of this hit and parts of it are too corny.

###Enola Holmes 2###

A fun romp. I like this cute, easy-watching Holmes reboot.

###The Empty Man###

I love that one of the main women in this has that boy from Stranger Thing’s terrible haircut. I’m a sucker for weird eldritch horror and this was much better than I expected.

###Annihilation###

A classic. Rewatched to test out my new Apple TV, and just kept watching. I love the book this is inspired by, and somehow the movie is a different and weird delight that I enjoy every time.

###‌We're All Going to the World's Fair###

Truly captured the sad weirdness of being alone online. Serial Experiments Lain but creepy pasta.

###Godzilla###

I love seeing 50s Japan on film because of fascinating lens it provides of a rapidly changing place reeling from a devastating war. On the downside the pacing of older movies is unbearable.

###Asparagus###

With the caveat that I'm not very fond of animated or short films, but this was fortunately visually bizarre enough to be kinda fun.

###Smile###

It Follows-esque, but it tried to do a bit too much.