---
type: posts
title: "june 22"
date: 2022-06-22
description: Dreams & Smells
tags:
  - mediadiet
---

## Books

###The Echo Wife###

Way heavier than I expected, but an interesting look at trauma, nature vs. nurture, and the limits of tech and morality.

###Do You Dream of Terra Two###

Largely a meditation on the effects of space on psychology and the dangers of kids laser-focusing on a dream from youth. Sometimes fun, but mostly tense.

###Planetfall###

The mystery and excitement builds, with stopovers in rather chilling depictions of mental illness.

###Salvaged###

Excellent space horror/survival. 

## Movies

###Christine###

"God I hate rock and roll". For a goofy movie about a killer car, this was a lot more interesting than I expected. Also I love that all the high-schoolers looked 35.

###Enemy of the State###

Not the best Tony Scott, but pretty fun. Will Smith in the utterly bizarre lingerie store made me laugh.

###Joshy###

It's weird seeing Alex Ross Perry in a film after hearing him in so many Blank Check episodes. This is the best movie about a bachelor party I've ever seen.

###Men###

Hot damn! I was excited about this as soon as I saw the preview and it met my expectations. Kinnear and Buckley are excellent and the mounting oddity built to truly bizarre heights.

###The Unknown Girl###

I'll be honest I kinda spaced-out during this film.

###Faults###

ME Winstead is a delight and this went to places I didn’t expect.

###Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness###

A fun Marvel film with a lot of long side stories. I'm glad Spiderman wasn't in this.

###Her Smell###

A super chill and easy to watch movie if you've been around a lot of alcohol and drug abuse. Yikes. I think this was well done but I kinda had to watch it the way lots of people watch horror films.

###Sicario###

A rewatch.

###Crimes of the Future###

A lot less disturbing than I'd initially imagined. A fun look at what human evolution might do to solve the horrific exploitation and pollution of the planet.

###Kimi###

Chekhov’s kombucha. The Net for a new generation.

###Macross Plus###

A Top Gun x Macross classic. Don't trust AI.

###Hologram for the King###

I'm not geopolitically intelligent enough to comment on the world of this film, but it's nice to see Tom Hanks just kind of wander around and do stuff.

###Speak No Evil###

What starts as a mortifying difference in cultures becomes much more disturbing. Sure, pannekoeken is great, but is it worth the risk?

###Morbius###

At least it’s short.

###Michael Clayton###

Blackberrys galore. Apparently I saw this in theaters because I remembered a good amount.

###Top Gun: Maverick###

This is everything I wanted it to be and more.

 