---
type: newsletter
title: "D&F 6/18/23"
description: cat poop
date: 2023-06-18
tags:
  - newsletter
---

The boy has pooped! All the ambient stress I was dealing with last weekend is off my shoulders as Snorri seems back to full health. As I write this, after a 5 hour bike ride all over the coast, he is purring and sitting on my shoulder—fully the weirdo I know.

This week promises to overwhelm with an off/onsite at work, and the blessed relief of a bike camping trip at the end. My antidote to too much people time is inoculation with five straight hours of medium-paced bike riding, and a cute little meal at Hog Island. I recently joined a bike Slack on recommendation from my friend Tracey, and a few weeks in I've been convinced to join a Randonneur group and consider doing some 2-300k rides with a bunch of brevet perverts. I'm a bit excited. I might not be the fastest up hills, but I can suffer for a long time on a bike, so the idea of teaming up with folks to suffer together sounds fun.

Of course, not all of it is suffering, but if you love cycling you have to enjoy, at least in some way, the pain of effort with the joy of conquering a mountain or a long ride. Maybe someday I can follow in Haley's dad's footsteps and do Paris Brest Paris, a _grueling_ 1200km ride bouncing between the two cities. The next one I could do is in 2027, so we'll see!

But you don't come here just to hear about my cycling travails, so let's dig into the...

## Links

- I've heard this is a [good weird book about plants](https://tworiverspress.com/media-information-for-botaniphoria/) even though I haven't read it yet.
- Ah, the religion of my youth:

https://twitter.com/MorganFailchild/status/1667941245102981122?t=RtBNY76ip-0-HiV274PiyQ&s=19

- A guy who runs a cool little newsletter recently shared this video about his intentional apartment community, and it makes me want to live in one of these even more. I can't imagine living in a house, but this kind of setup feels like a great way to get older without kids, while building bonds with people around you:

{{< youtube C3p2VvLz6Dg >}}

- And speaking of the future, what if bikes were a good solution to many issues we face with climate change and urban development...

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P4odM4LMTuw

- Finally, this week I watched the remake of Invasion of the Bodysnatchers which I'd queued up a while ago out of love for Donald Sutherland, and it was fantastic. So many shooting locations are places I recognize too from San Francisco, as [this link helpfully illustrates](http://www.thennowmovielocations.com/2022/02/invasion-of-body-snatchers-1978.html). Even if you don't like horror this is more than worth watching as it's much more plot-y and interesting than scary. Plus the weird little practical effects for the aliens and explosions are delightful.

## Closing

I'm trying to sleep earlier this week since I need to be _in_ San Francisco by 9am most days, which is brutal. Keep me in your thoughts as I surely will lay in bed frustratedly trying to will my body unconscious at 11 or 12 at night. Morning people seem actively engaged in ruining night people's lives, whereas all we want is the peace and quiet of the moon. Oh well. Next week I'll be enjoying the Solstice so I'm not sure if there will be an edition of the newsletter, but stay tuned to find out, space cowgirls~