---
title: "october"
date: 2023-11-05
description: where is fall?
tags:
  - mediadiet
type: posts
---

It's spooky how many movies I watched this month.

## Books

### Terraformers

Interesting multi-generational story of planetary terraforming and personhood.

## Movies

### Anatomy of a Fall

So much of the movie mirrored the bit at the end “there’s no reward, it’s just over”. Probably too French for me.

### The Killer

Amazing. Hilarious at times and wonderful crafted jaunt. 

### Greenland

The diabetes thing is still a hat on a hat.

### 28 Days Later

I still can’t believe Doctor Who did the Scarecrow so dirty.

### Royal Hotel

Elrond really let himself go when he moved from New Zealand to Australia. That was extremely stressful.

### The Burbs

A fun rewatch—saw this when I was a kid.

### Pigeon Tunnel

Loved this.
“…he’d have betrayed the cat, somehow”

### Nun 2

For half of the movie I thought it took place in multiple time periods.

### Ginger Snaps

I saw bits of this at I <3 Video in Austin twenty plus years ago but somehow didn’t see the whole thing until now. Fun. 

### Konferensen

A Swedish Severance with fun twists.

### Midway

Other than some of the pretty "USA USA" stuff in this, the battles were wild. I wanted to watch this because my grandpa was on a carrier in WW2 that got kamikaze'd a few times.

### Killers of the Flower Moon

Damn. It was long but riveting. I also audibly said “wow” at a few cameos.

### Saw X

Scam bad.

### Haunting in Venice

The camera was wacky, but the film was a fun little mystery.

### It Follows

If I flew to Tokyo I could maybe avoid the thing for over two months.

### Monsters

Ahh so good.

### Totally Killer

Nick at night scream.

### Spy Game

Always a fun rewatch.

### Insidious: Chapter 3

As hokey as these are there is something kinda charming here.

### The Pope's Exorcist

The best part was Crowe riding a little vespa

### Benjamin Button

A temporal pincer.

### Rosemary’s Baby

Hail satan

### The Outwaters

Conceptually cool but I can’t vibe with this kinda camera.

### The Creator

Cool world-building but the 3rd act was too rushed. Also my buddy’s character died too soon.

### Fight Club

This held up much better than I thought considering I’d watched it dozens of times in my teens and early twenties.