---
title: "march"
date: 2023-04-01
description: partyin' down
tags: 
    - mediadiet
type: posts
---

Back on the bike, which means a little less time to binge tv shows. I dove into the second season of Party Down, which I somehow hadn't seen, and rejoiced in the return of Survivor, the Mandolorian, and Yellowjackets. Spring is great.

## Books ##

### The End We Start From ###

A poignant story about motherhood and survival. Kind of a one-two punch with the last book.

### How High We Go in the Dark ###

I loved this meditation on loss and love. It captured a lot of the complex feelings I’ve had over the years about family and belonging.

### Six Wakes ###

An original and exciting take on cloning and space travel.

### Killing Gravity ###

More of a novella, but a fun one. Some echoes of Becky Chambers, but with a core concept similar to Hanna. Excited to read the rest of the series.

### Dead Silence ###

Really cool space horror that nicely dovetailed with playing Dead Space. Spooky and hard to put down.

## Movies ##

### The Drop ###

Watched after finding out a friend was in it, and also Tom Hardy and Noomi Rapace! Fun crime thriller with a cute puppy.

### John Wick: 4 ###

A blast. A video game with very few cutscenes. I love how ever walking scene they could milk they just stretched as far as they could.

### 28 Weeks Later ###

Hadn't seen this in a while, but it kicks right off. Not as strong as 28 Days, but a sold sequel.

### Cocaine Bear ###

Silly and fun. Reminiscent of 70s/80s camp/slasher thrillers in a good way. I rooted for the bear.

### シン•ウルトラマン ###

面白かった！昔に元ウルトラマンのテレビショウをみった、でも私は現代のリメイクを期待してないだった。庵野秀明さん…ありがとう！仮面ライダーが楽しみ。

### Sunshine ###

Stacked cast, wild times. I love the optimism and single-minded drive towards an end.

### Infernal Machine ###

Memento guy meets Daniel Faraday. Slow pacing but not in a necessarily compelling way.

### Memory of Water ###

I realized entirely too late I was not up for a Finnish sci-fi film. Some bits were good but a lot of it just washed over me. 

### Missing ###

Ooof this took some dark turns.

### Angel Has Fallen ###

Maybe the best scary drone scenes in a movie. It's pretty absurd someone would try to set up the hero protector of the two most unlucky presidents in US history.

### I Remember You ###

I've had the book this is based on on my shelf for a hot minute, and I've enjoyed Yrsa's other work. This was a decently slow build, but also a bit interesting as a ghost story take.

### The Ice Storm ###

One of the best Ang Lee films I've seen. A pitch-perfect suburban drama with a packed cast.

### The Devil Wears Prada ###

Avoided this movie because I figured I would be mad and I was right, lol. At least I can listen to the Blank Check episode now. Asshole bosses is a bad genre.

### Lady Vengance ###

A fantastic rewatch. So much of this movie is a wild build of character backstory and weird shit, and then it catapults into an outstanding back half. It's strange to me that red eyeliner became stylish a few years ago.
