---
title: "february 23"
date: 2023-03-01
description: i'm a survivor
tags: 
    - mediadiet
type: posts
---

Rewatched Mindhunter, and tore through 6 seasons of Survivor this month while getting back on my feet post-Covid. I think I'm still a little ahead on my annual Criterion Challenge and it's been a little light on great theater movies this year so far. I still have a ton of books on my to be read shelf too.

I was planning to watch more movies this month but then I found the latest season of Australian Survivor, and, yea...

## Books

###An Unkindness of Magicians###

Similar thematically and story-wise to a lot of fantasy I read these days, but compelling characters and hilariously brutal and brief spell battles mark it out.

###The Employees###

The objects are good.

###Chilling Effect###

Fun but a little too silly.

## Movies

###Women Talking###

I've read some Toews so I have a passing familiarity with Mennonite worlds, but damn this was both gorgeous and sad. One of the best soundtracks I've heard in a long time too.

###Knock at the Cabin###

A really strange twist to the Looking story.

###London Has Fallen###

This president can’t catch a break!

###Take Out###

A good reminder of how far digital cinema has come. Watching this in 2023 felt much more voyueristic than I think was intended—like, now this could be shot on an iPhone with no issue. The silence of the protagonist made this almost feel like a restaurant RPG.

###Infinity Pool###

The only movie that has ever captured the feeling of staying at a resort hotel.

###Olympus Has Fallen###

I love that this was a competitor for another movie about a White House attack.

###Yellow Sea###

The less glamorous side of contract killing.

###Fire of Love###

Dang.

###The Nice Guys###

Took a minute to tune-into the vibe of this film, but eventually it hit.

###Skinamarink###

Not a movie barely a screensaver.

###Plane###

_Yelling_ PLANE!

###Bone Collector###

Tonights theme was collecting bone.

###Magic Mike XXL###

A silly good time.
