---
type: newsletter
title: "D&F 9/10/23"
description: feelin' like crap
date: 2023-09-10
tags:
  - newsletter
---

My first week back at work after my bike trip started with two days of feeling ill. I never tested positive for COVID, but whether it was allergies or a cold, I was on my butt on Monday and Tuesday and flagging up until today. I rode a bit, but mostly kept it lower on power. 

Being laid a little low was a perfect opportunity to play games on my Analogue Pocket and keep progressing through Baldur's Gate 3. I also got into the 2021 Korean show New World. I heard about this weird reality-ish program on Besties podcast and it's a delight. There are only six people on an island with wacky events and opportunities to earn fake money which they use to buy food, hints, and rides on a golf cart around the island. Each person stays on their own in a fancy apartment and despite a lot of goofy CGI it's well-produced. Some of the evens in the show are truly hilarious too.

The SAG and WGA strikes might still be ongoing, but there is a wealth of programming still dropping or getting translated if you just look around. I also recommend Fiona & Cake, especially if you watched Adventure Time, and the new Apple TV production of the Victor LaVelle novel The Changeling.

But shows are for watching later—now it's time for the...

## Links

- In the latest SF doom news, [large companies continue to steal from their employees](https://newrepublic.com/post/175343/wage-theft-versus-shoplifting-crime). The seeming invisibility of this crime to richer folks shouldn't detract from the horror of its perpetration or the destruction of opportunity it causes. While the wealthy get wealthier, working people are struggling. Unfortunately, the GOP continues to use weird smoke screens and attack oppressed groups to gain support for their thievery. 
- Fortunately for the rest of us, friend of the 'letter Soleil has a look at the [NY Times abhorrent coverage](https://www.sfchronicle.com/opinion/article/new-york-times-trans-18214925.php?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=copy-url-link&utm_campaign=article-share&hash=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuc2ZjaHJvbmljbGUuY29tL29waW5pb24vYXJ0aWNsZS9uZXcteW9yay10aW1lcy10cmFucy0xODIxNDkyNS5waHA=&time=MTY5MzQ4OTk2MTQ1MQ==&rid=NGRmYTZmZTktZTY1OC00ZWMzLTg3M2UtNTllM2U0ZTVhYWYx&sharecount=Mg==) of trans people's rights.
- This short letter reading is hilarious:

{{< youtube "oW8OlXkjVHs?si=UZTB87ELEEP93a_z" >}}

- I get the feeling [this guy owned a lot of highlighters](https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/25/23845590/note-taking-apps-ai-chat-distractions-notion-roam-mem-obsidian) in college. I've never understood taking copious notes unless you're writing or you need to keep track of part sizes or random facts. I store passwords and phone numbers on my devices and in the cloud, but I don't particularly think I'll gain any new insight into the information I keep. Maybe a fancy personal knowledge manager will fix _your_ life though?
- I visited the [Blue Lug near Yoyogi](https://theradavist.com/blue-lug-bike-shops/) the last time I went to Japan and it was wild to see all the small bike brands I buy online in a storefront. I was too nervous to talk to staff, but hopefully when I return with my bike we can have a fun time talking about travel and all sorts of things.


## Closing

Time for this writer to dive back into the New World and see what adventures lay in store for these folks. I just got home from a 40 mile ride, and I can't wait to eat some vegan pizza and let the allergy medicine do its job. The days are getting shorter so I rode home with my lights on in the dark. I'll miss the late sunsets, but not the heat of the summer. Here's to the coming arrival of Octoberfest, and a fun fall, space cowgirls~