---
title: D&F 01/22/23
date: 2023-01-22
description: the virus
tags: 
    - newsletter
type: newsletter
---

After nearly 3 years of COVID pandemic I tested positive after a work trip this week. Travel for work? Never worth it. I was feeling a tad tired midweek, but kept testing negative until I arrived home on Friday. I've started a course of antivirals, and will hopefully be on the mend soon. Until then, I'm watching British panel shows, eating vegan ice cream, and masking indoors so I don't pass this virus to Snorri. 

I was surprised by how little masking there was in NYC, with literally no one besides me and the cleaning staff masking indoors at our office. I can't point to a particular moment where I was likely exposed, but it would be a little funny if I got COVID at Margaritaville. Not worth it.

Other than falling ill, my trip was a cute time with my team, and a great chance to reconnect with a few friends over food and drinks. I've missed NYC a lot, which always reminds me of a shabby, loud Tokyo. I don't think I'll travel again for a while, and I'll likely attend my own team's offsite virtually. I've had friends who got COVID and then decided "oh well," about masking or precaution, but I'm likely to be even more cautious now because being sick sucks.

Regardless, this is a horseshit endemic and it makes me angry we have to consider our own choices so carefully instead of [benefitting from systemic changes](https://thegauntlet.substack.com/p/billionaires-at-davos-dont-think) (thanks capitalism). Let's fight for [clean air for everyone](https://thetyee.ca/Analysis/2023/01/11/Revolution-Clean-Indoor-Air/). Also if you want to know more about the very well-protected Davos conference, I suggest [this banger of a read](https://slate.com/news-and-politics/2023/01/davos-conference-semafor-coverage-hell-dispatches.html).

## Links

- These sorts of "[when and how much should I eat](https://www.bbc.com/future/article/20220412-should-we-be-eating-three-meals-a-day)" articles are always a bit funny to me because it mostly points out how little we know about aggregate health of our guts and bodies. "Should we eat three meals a day?" I have no idea.
- The e-girls, be-freckled, are now a [tool of the military industrial complex](https://www.dazeddigital.com/life-culture/article/57878/1/the-era-of-military-funded-e-girl-warfare-army-influencers-tiktok). Imagine, a hoard of weird incense joining-up with the marines after seeing these videos and continuing the US imperial agenda around the world. Bummer.

## Closing

Time to lay down again and keep recovering. I hope everyone reading this is feeling good and enjoying the sunny days that I assume aren't just in Oakland, but global. Fingers-crossed that the next newsletter edition comes from the other side of infection. Unionize, protest, and force the bastards to give us the good air, space cowgirls~