---
type: newsletter
title: "D&F 5/14/23"
description: da baby
date: 2023-05-14
tags:
  - newsletter
---

It's new Zelda weekend, which means I got very little sleep.

{{< youtube 2SNF4M_v7wc >}}

Open-world games like this or Elden Rings are so up my alley it's hard to put them down, even when I can almost see the sun rise. The combination of delight and small, iterative victories is brain candy.

Also, a very special congratulations to Drew and Krista on the birth of their kid (their name is cool but I'm not sure if D&K are putting it online). Maybe their first movie will be Fast X?

## Links

- [Degrowth is a philosophy](https://illuminem.com/illuminemvoices/how-does-degrowth-apply-to-our-minds) that keeps popping up lately, and the more I look into it, the more I hope it becomes the primary one of our world soon. On a planet with very limited resources, we need to eschew the endless "growth" that capitalism demands in order to live within our means, globally. There's a lot wrapped-up in this article, but it shares the idea of not just practicing "less" in the economy, but learning to enjoy simplicity and _enough_ in our lives.
- [Friends (or chosen family)](https://time.com/collection/guide-to-happiness/4809325/friends-friendship-health-family/) are the most important part of mental and emotional health for people, apparently. This makes a lot of sense to me, and I often talk about this in therapy, since the drive towards isolated nuclear families is so strong in our society. I'm fortunate to have a lot of friends who think it's similarly important to prioritize our chosen connections, but whenever I date, it's easy for me to see how strong the pull of only spending time with my partner can be.
- Up the labor strike of the Writer's Guild, and down with the wealthy who think human creativity can be replicated by [100 AI chatbots on a typewriter](https://ez.substack.com/p/artificial-labor).

## Closing

Ok, I've gotta get outside on a bike ride before the sun goes down and I'm back in Hyrule (Zelda county). Hopefully the mad pace I'm playing Tears of the Kingdom will naturally slow down as I explore and I'll have more time for the rest of my non-digital life again someday, but until then, see you on the "friends online", space cowgirls~
