---
type: posts
title: "October"
description: 
date: 2024-11-02
tags:
  - mediadiet
---

## Books

### Absolution

A bit scattered in the final third/didn’t love Lowry in this incarnation.

### The Fragile Threads of Power

Glad to see this series continue even though there was a little more schlocky romance than I remembered. 

### The Likeness

A good procedural re-read.

## Movies

### Ghostwatch

Dated but still a fun haunting.

### Annihilation

A very weird adaptation, but I’ve seen it a dozen times and still love it.

### The Thing

I watch this and the sequel every year

### Take Shelter

Ok.

### Transformers One

A god-ordained king is why Britain always has free-flowing energon.

### Re-Animator

Wild that I saw Darkplace before this. Just the right amount of absurd wirh practical effect madness.

### Anonymous Club

Courtney Barnett sad.

### Nocebo

Much more interesting than the slate of catholic demon things out these days. Great music/foley, and a good weird vibe.

### The Package

Box a little bigger than the contents, but I enjoy a Tommy Lee as a bad guy flick.

### Alien: Romulus

As good at home as it was in the theater.

### Antlers

Potential but didn’t click

### Next Exit

Roadtrip!

### The Call

What if Your Name was evil.

### The Ides of March

The mids of march

### Den of Thieves

Much better when you skip all of Gerard Butler’s “troubled man” scenes.

### The Town

Hey I’m Boston here 

### The Bird with the Crystal Plumage

The music was giving me Daria vibes. Wacky but compelling.