---
type: newsletter
title: "D&F 5/06/24"
description: 
date: 2024-05-06
tags:
  - newsletter
---

# D&F 5/06/24

Mondays might be the new Sunday. I realized while camping this weekend I’ll have a better chance of doing this weekly again if I write it on a night I’m more likely at home and near a computer. It was gorgeous out in the bay after a brief rain spell on Saturday, so my friend June and I hopped on our bikes and rode to the bike in camping spot in China Camp for a [night of cards](https://www.regicidegame.com), Fire Island, and fun hangouts. I got to test a new tent, and pack, which are two great activities, and I introduced June to [English Ginger wine](https://stonesoriginal.com.au/our-products/stone-s-original-green-ginger-wine/). 

I spent too many late hours watching [Tokyo Vice](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tokyo_Vice_(TV_series)) on the recommendation of my friend Sara. I was skeptical because I didn’t love the main guy in Baby Driver, but it delivers. If you love weird Showa Japan or Yakuza stuff, or just good drama, give it a watch. They went out of their way to film _on location_ all over Japan, and the [results are spectacular](https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/tv/tv-features/tokyo-vice-japan-filming-challenges-1235862921/). Shõgun is another recent Japan-set show, but by virtue of being historical, it’s largely shot elsewhere and in sound stages. Still great though.

I’ve already started, but let’s continue the...

## Links

- I’m skeptical of anything that is environmentally friendly that also requires a purchase and is pushed by the same folks that pushed Tesla, but [heat pumps](https://www.wired.com/story/what-would-happen-if-every-american-got-a-heat-pump/) are pretty cool. With the planet heating what we really need are state, country, and global level laws and standards around power and air conditioning. Individual retrofits won’t begin to solve this, since they’re piecemeal, and the biggest buildings and factories won’t take advantage of them until they’re forced to, or it’s financially beneficial. Japan began to [shift the temperature to match the season](https://www.eesi.org/articles/view/the-japanese-cool-biz-campaign-increasing-comfort-in-the-workplace), and we should do the same in the states.

	> Met with skepticism—and some resistance—at first, 'Cool Biz' has become one of 
	> Japan's most successful environmental initiatives. In its first year alone, the 
	> Ministry estimated that the campaign reduced carbon emissions by 460,000 tons. 
	> The Narita International Airport Corporation alone reported that, in 2005, they 
	> cut carbon emissions by 28 tons and saved 5,700,000 yen (about $47,300) just from 
	> setting the office temperature to 82.4°F. By 2010, the amount of CO2 emissions 
	> reduced by the initiative was estimated to have reached 1,690,000 tons. In 2012, 
	> the latest year for which figures are available, more than 2.2 million tons of 
	> carbon emissions were avoided. According to Nanae Fujimoto, an official at the 
	> Japanese Ministry of the Environment interviewed by the Wall Street Journal, 
	> “this was a case in which the policy and the demand from the public worked well 
	> together, with many people willing to dress lighter during the summer while the 
	> government was trying to cut down carbon emission.”
- This [article](https://blog.nateliason.com/p/de-atomization-is-the-secret-to-happiness) had an interesting take on the atomization of activities, and how it might make us unhappy to prevent fun and work from mixing. I’ve personally found that life is too short _not_ to enjoy meals, bike rides, and even things like work travel. I’ve known too many people who died young to spend my time avoiding enjoyment or the simple joys of nature or friends. 
- The people punishing students for their speech, and celebrating the militarization of a white-supremacist police force are afraid.
	> But what they are afraid of grows even as they starve it, which is why these 
	> people, with all their power, are always so insecure. It is why, despite the 
	> relentless imposition of their annihilating concept of safety, they can't ever 
	> quite feel safe. They know how bad it would be for them to be seen clearly; they 
	> are fucking terrified of being treated as they treat others. They know that 
	> people can recognize their demands as what they are, and that there are still 
	> spaces in which to reject them. 
	
	> They’re afraid of us, and the reality that younger people, the disenfranchised, 
	> and others will see them and fight back. [From Columbia University and other 
	> campuses around the US](https://defector.com/they-are-insecure-for-a-reason), to 
	> the polling places in November, our representatives need to start listening 
	> before it’s too late. The lesson this election can’t be “become more like the 
	> right wing,” as an increasingly out of touch Democratic Party struggles to remain 
	> relevant to anyone. 
	
	## Closing
	
	The Yen is at a historic low against the dollar, so if you’ve considered going to Japan from the US, it’s a great time to head over. [Hit me up](mailto:me+japanrecs@brookshelley.com) if you want a few recommendations. I haven’t booked a trip this year yet, due to some work commitments, but my plan is to do so soon. I’ve only biked around a small bit of the country, and ideally much I’ll get to see Hokkaido or Kyushu on two wheels in the coming years. Regardless of where you explore this spring, remember to say hi to the critters around you, space cowgirls~
	
	