---
title: "march"
date: 2024-04-01
description: new york reading
tags:
  - mediadiet
type: posts
---

A little bit of travelling and a lot of record-listening meant ample time to read. I'm still not sure how I feel about the 3 Body Problem series, but I'm close to the end of the third book as I writing this.

<!--more-->

## Books

### Hummingbird Salamander

Vandemeer with a compelling eco thriller.

### The Dark Forest

Watched the Netflix adaptation of the first and a bit book while reading this which mostly just made me confused about who was who. Also I wish there were more women in the books who weren’t a sci-fi writer’s idea of a perfect wife.

### Three-Body Problem

I’m dreading the Netflix show but this was slow to start but super interesting once it did.

### Camp Zero

An interesting take on climate apocalypse.

### Agent Running in the Field

Le Carre kept writing bangers his entire career.

### Shards of the Earth

Enough mystery to make the trilogy appealing, and strong characters.

## Movies

### Barbie

Imagine being the only gay Barbie in a world that ignores to. Mid as hell.

### Roadhouse

Man, steroids in Hollywood having a moment.

### Love Lies Bleeding

Muscle babes.

### One Shot

A call of duty cutscene but better.

### The Accountant

It’s tax season.

### Color Out of Space

Very silly. Lovecraft films always suffer from needing to show the unimaginable.

### All of Us Strangers

Strangely I read the book this was loosely based on back in college in 2003 or 2004 (which I only realized this was based on a book after this year’s Blankies). I haven’t seen Saltburn, but licking cum off Andrew Scott’s chest then kissing him is way cooler than bathwater, IMO. Also this was devastating.

### The Burial

A hoot

### Terminator Genisys

Serviceable!