---
title: "december"
date: 2024-01-01
description: japan and the end of the year
tags:
  - mediadiet
type: posts
---

A trip to Japan and trying to watch the best of 2023 before the end of the year.

## Books

### American War

Ooof.

### This Virtual Night

I hope she writes more of these soon.

### How Fucked-up is Your Management

Considering I’m a manager? Very.

### The Atlas Paradox

The chapter breaks know just how to keep you reading.

## Movies

### Thanksgiving

A hoot.

### When Evil Lurks

That evil sure was lurkin’.

### There’s Something in the Barn

A goofy horror film.

### Eastern Promises

The fight in the bath always gets me.

### The Ice Storm

Another holiday classic.

### Encounters at the End of the World

A gaping hole straight down into the magma.

### The Hunt for Red October

I’ll be honest I was mostly playing a game.  

### Poor Things

Wow.

### Silent Night

A classic holiday film.

### Psycho Pass: Providence

This series is a fascinating look at what a strictly monitored and executed “justice” system could do. The slower-paced political thriller nature of this movie and some of the seasons means it’s a fun way to challenge anime expectations.

### Last Sentinel

Meh. Some interesting bits, but mostly just tensionless.

### Leave the World Behind

What if the apocalypse happened but you got stuck in Long Island?

### The Holdovers

The trailer made me completely uninterested in seeing this,  but the movie was great. Giamati playing the Rushmore’ Cox cum Dead Poets’ Williams he was meant to.

### May December

Natalie Portman doing the strange lisp.

### Godzilla -1.0

Wow. Saw this in Japan with no subtitles so I missed a little but holy shit that was fun.