---
type: mediadiet
title: "september"
date: 2024-10-03
tags:
  - mediadiet
---

## Books

### In the Woods

Mystery re-read.

### Our Kind of Traitor

Russian oligarch tennis time.

### Dead Space

Space thrillers are fun.

### Violent Faculties

Dang

## Movies

### Ouija: Origin of Evil

Oh Marcus...

### Deadpool vs Wolverine 

I wonder if 10 year old Brook would’ve like this.

### Wolfs

Good mid-tier buddy comedy.

### Megalopolis

Just plain bad

### The Substance

A hoot! Reminds me of Italian horror gore stuff.
Fun with a theater full of people losing it—I saw one guy leave the theater and then saw him crying when I went to the bathroom.

### Afraid

m3gan it was not

### Slingshot

Hoping for Sunshine, but it didn’t quite get there

### Cuckoo

I imagine Dan Stevens plays Legion in everything now.

### Blink Twice

If only everyone who visited Epstein’s island could have such a grisly end.

### Vice

How does anyone (me) have the time to be mad about all the stuff that happened in the past 40 years of their life in their ding dang shit country? It’s cool though, the war criminal endorsed Harris I guess.

### Equalizer 3

I hope they make 10 more of these.

### Equalizer 2

5 stars for driving.

### Rebel Ridge

Amazing. Wondered where this came from and then realized it was from the Green Room director. Brilliant and painful. 

### Boarding Gate

Lower-end WKW-esque thriller.

### All the Old Knives

Rewatching Berlin Station and every episode of that was better than this.

### Extraction 2

Netflix action bonanza.

### さがす

This went to interesting places, and slowly built to an emotional crescendo.

### Chief of Staff

Surprisingly competent B-grade spy thriller
