---
title: may
description: greens
date: 2024-06-04
type: posts
tags:
  - mediadiet
---

## Books

### A Country of Ghosts

Anarchy!

### Jumpnauts

Some interesting bits of Chinese mythos sadly in a book with a lot of bad love triangle and blockchain.

### Player Piano

Vonnegut started strong.

### The Cat Who Saved Books

Cute.

### The Book You are Looking for is in the Library

[Life-affirming](https://www.nytimes.com/2023/09/05/books/what-you-are-looking-for-is-in-the-library-michiko-aoyama.html).

## Movies

### Tarot

A way worse Final Destination.

### The First Omen

It would be more fun if I enjoyed this kinda thing but I’ve watched so many of these and they never hit.

### Stress Positions

This felt like my limited experience of trans New York, and is also the best pandemic movie.

### Furiosa

Rude Tales ass names.

### Fall Guy

Stunts are cool.

### Pulse

Still hits.

### Chime

Honestly expected shōnen bat to appear.
Perfectly disturbing.

### Bones and All

Music wasn’t as good as Challengers but the movie was more fun.

### Triangle

Triangle of badness.

### Challengers

Not for me.

### Maboroshi no Hikari

Koreeda really knows how to make devastating films about family.

### I Saw the TV Glow

“I just like TV shows”

### Ministry of Ungentlemanly Warfare

Killing nazis is great.

### Abigail

Unofficial M4gan? 

### Evil Does Not Exist

Yow.

### Arcadian

Nic Cage being somewhat low-key is always wild.

### American Gangster

Ridley Scott has a few slam dunks and this is one of them.

### Fire Island

Great camp movie for a camping trip.

### Mars Express

Super cool!

### Argo

A hoot.