---
type: posts
title: December
description: 
date: 2025-01-02
tags:
  - mediadiet
---

## Books

### Mother Night

First read of this one... kinda wacky, but I like the thought experiment about consequence.

### Sirens of Titan

A reread of a Vonnegut Classic. Got this and all his work in [fancy hardcover](https://amzn.to/4gVvsKS) and it’s been rad to read them again.

### End of the World and the Hardboiled Wonderland

An expanded new translation of my favorite Murakami novel. It’s been a while since I read the original translation so I can’t be certain what was added back, but the story was still compelling and weird.

### The City and Its Uncertain Walls

Another go from Murakami at fleshing-out an early novella. Sort of a sliding door of Hardboiled Wonderland. I loved the library and its old director. I did miss the noir aspects of the other version, but something about winter in the mountains was lovely. 

## Movies

### A Real Pain

A real gem. Related a little too much to Kieran’s character, but broadly it was just the kind of buddy sibling drama/comedy I enjoy.

### Nosferatu

Someone has to tell Eggers about pacing. This was... glacial. Upside? Dafoe had fun. 

### Dogtooth

Just some wholesome holiday family fun in Greece.

### Queer

Don’t take a twink to South America.

### Anora

Intense.

### Carry On

Almost Serviceable thriller, despite a decent Bateman role.

### Interstellar

IMAX rewatch.

### Heretic

The Hugh Grant Jar Jar voice.

### Good One

￼dads...

### Conclave

Long live the holy Roman Juul.

### Juror #2

Fuck SUVs, suburbia, and the nuclear family.