---
type: posts
title: "February"
description: sci-fi time
date: 2025-03-04
tags:
  - mediadiet
---

## Books

### Pilgrim Machines

Philosophical take on exploration and galactic civilization. Felt like a more upbeat and optimistic Three Body.

### Orbital

A little too florid for my tastes—read more like poetry about space than a space novel.

### The Last

The best post-apocalyptic fiction I’ve read in a long time. Somehow both realistic and hopeful.

## Movies

### The Monkey

I only have love for the monkey.

### Flight Risk

Good dumb fun. I went in with low expectations and had a nice time. Wahlberg just a goober in this. 

### Inheritance

Neil Burger make a good movie challenge. Soderbergh can make an iPhone movie because he understands framing and the way a lens tells a story. This was just a hard-to-follow mess. I was excited initially because I love Rhys Ifans and his work with Olen Steinhauer on Berlin Station but woof.

### Kill List

Fun ideas but the mix was rough and the dialogue was super quiet. There is a lot of promise and cool weird shit but I’m mostly glad the director got more money later to make better stuff.

### High Rise

Read the book last month, and even though I think I watched at least part of this year ago, it's much more fun post-read.

### One of Them Days

Laughed so hard. Fun.

### Raiders of the Lost Ark

Still great. A message of the bad guy dying by hubris

### September 5th

Haunting but I don't think the pacing worked well—it's hard to tell a story based on real events while still trying to give the broadcast of said story an interesting setting.

### A.I. Artificial Intelligence 

This still felt like it needed an editor, but it was more effecting than when I saw it in theaters. 