---
type: newsletter
title: "D&F 1/26/25"
description: 
date: 2025-01-26
tags:
  - newsletter
---

Happy new year! I hope you had a restful and easy holiday time, and fire-free January. California was a mess in the south, and the US was a mess everywhere, and I really didn't feel like writing. I think it'll be sustainable to do this newsletter monthly this year, so that's my plan for now—I hope you enjoy following along.

A lot of friends have asked me how I'm doing in light of the anti-trans executive orders, and the likely reality of my not having a passport when my renewal in 2026 comes around. My answer, as a woman who likes flying to Japan and sometimes Europe is: not great. I'm going to Belgium this year, and likely Japan too, but it's hard to stomach having my ID documents challenged by the despicable sacks of shit in power after that. My being able to travel is one of the lower-on-the-list items of nightmare orders this administration will put out, and my focus politically is largely on how to ensure Oregon and California continue to be safer havens for queer and trans families who don't trust their employment or healthcare decisions will be possible in their current state. I can't pretend that it's possible to focus on all the bad things happening at once—at least I can't do that and stay sane—but being involved with [Basic Rights Oregon](https://www.basicrights.org) since 2014 grounds me in real progress and political change. If you haven't found something you can be involved with, look around at the queer & trans or immigrant rights groups near you. I guarantee they need volunteers for phone banking or events. You can also volunteer at a kitchen or park. Sure, our individual efforts won't make a big difference in isolation, but I've found the more time I spend positively changing things, the less time I spend doomscrolling and endlessly worrying about things I can't change.

And if volunteering or being involved in rights orgs isn't your speed, or not possible because you're busy raising kids, etc, my advice is just to be kind and loving to your friends and chosen family. We need each other every day; especially in times of turmoil. Reach out to someone you love each week and catch up. Hugs, meals, and social time are fuel too.

Before I move on to the links I'll just say that I appreciate anyone who read this, or has read my writing in the past. It's nice to know I'm not solely writing into a void, though even getting these words out is a form of catharsis.

## Links

Because I've had a bit of a break I've got a bunch of links built up, so I'll get a few out this time and likely include some December and January ones in next month's missive.

- Feel free to skip [this one](https://www.dissentmagazine.org/online_articles/exit-right/) if you're exhausted by political musings, but I enjoyed this piece on how the American liberals need to look to the left and foster instead of discourage their work—the only kind that inspires and energizes the base of Democrats they've lost:
		
	> The phenomenon that Trump represents can only be defeated when liberal 
	> institutionalists cease trying to quash the insurgent left in the name of 
	> protecting democracy, and instead look to it as an ally and a source of strength. > This is not because the ideas of the left already represent a suppressed silent > > majority—a fantastical, self-flattering delusion—but because it is only the left > that has a coherent vision to offer against the ideas of the right.

- The previous link also led me to Brecht's writing, which I'd never read. I've seen a few of his plays, and thought they were bold and weird, but I love reading his [work on fighting facism](https://revolutionary-socialism.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/brecht_fivedifficulties1.pdf). Brecht understood something I strongly believe: you can't fight facism unless you fight capitalism, because the former is the end state of the latter.
- This [essay by American expat Levi King](https://thebaffler.com/salvos/eastern-promises-levi-king) explores part of Tokyo I'm unfamiliar with, and an experience I hadn't considered: the immigrants and refugees making their living doing what they can, isolated from Japanese culture and language. My window into this world is talking to immigrant workers about where we're both from at convenience stores. As the essay astutely covers, much of the houslessness and struggle of the poor and foreign in Japan is invisible to the tourists wandering Asakusa. Japan is not the perfect future city Americans imagine, and it's important to remember that.
- [eBike subsidies](https://www.motherjones.com/politics/2025/01/e-bike-subsidy-programs-denver-states-walkable-cities-urban-infrastructure/) _work_. I love the idea of giving people money to buy an ebike. It's a real way to encourage people to get out of a car and onto two wheels for a more fun, ecological, and convenient way to get around and run errands. Every person, especially children, I see on an ebike is always having the best time, myself included. If you haven't had a chance to try one out, give a rental a go, or borrow a friend's bike; I bet you'll quickly become a convert.
- Finally, I loved this article on [consequences for driving poorly](https://usa.streetsblog.org/2024/10/02/opinion-we-need-more-consequences-for-reckless-driving-but-that-doesnt-mean-more-punishment) as opposed to "punishments". It describes practical road design features that immediately give respond to poor decisions by taking off a mirror or damaging a vehicle (walls, curbs, harsh speed bumps) in a way that protects cyclists and other vulnerable road-users. As a regular pedestrian and cyclist, I don't really care if someone gets a ticket—it likely won't stop them from looking at their phone, speeding, or running a stop sign. But, if doing something stupid and illegal in the car breaks a car, or costs hundreds of dollars in repairs? That discourages poor driving. We need roads that protect by default and make driving quickly, or distracted is a ticket to a totaled car or worse. A broken wheel is always preferred to a dead cyclist.

## Closing

As I finish today's newsletter I'm watching the final stage of the Tour Down Under (pro cycling race in Australia ) and eating some miso black cod. I started this year frustrated with my speed on the bike, particularly on the hills due to my weight and decided to do something new about it. On the encouragement of medical professionals and reading the experiences of my friends, I started taking [Zepbound](https://www.drugs.com/zepbound.html). It's one of the new class of weight loss drugs that you've probably heard about, and despite my initial skepticism, it's been a great decision. My stomach and digestion are working better than ever, and bathroom trips are almost magically easier. So far, I'm losing weight, but eating really well—tons of protein and veg, and most importantly, still have energy the desire to go ride my bike. Last year I rode my bike 500 hours and lost 0 pounds, and this year I plan to ride just as much, but as a leaner, faster cyclist. 

Until next time, and the end of winter, stay cozy and warm, space cowgirls~